source: https://buecker.baseball.cbssports.com/players/all-player-updates
captured: 2026-08-11T13:57:26
---
Keibert Ruiz C • WAS
Nationals' Keibert Ruiz: Out Tuesday
by RotoWire
(7 mins ago) Ruiz is absent from the lineup for Tuesday's matchup against the Cubs.

Despite getting on base four times in Sunday's series finale against the Reds, Ruiz will ride the pine Tuesday. Harry Ford will handle the catching duties and bat fifth for Washington's series opener against the Cubs.

Kyle Stowers 1B,OF • MIA
Marlins' Kyle Stowers: Heading to injured list
by RotoWire
(15 mins ago) Miami placed Stowers on the 10-day IL with a left hamstring strain on Tuesday.

Stowers exited Sunday's series finale early against the Angels with discomfort in his left hamstring, further leading to an IL stint. The 28-year-old will be sidelined for at least 10 days for the second time this season, after missing the first couple of weeks of the campaign due to a right hamstring strain. This year, the left-handed-hitting Stowers has batted .242/.327/.462 with 16 home runs and 52 RBI in 399 plate appearances. Miami recalled Graham Pauley from Triple-A Jacksonville.

Edward Cabrera P • CHC
Cubs' Edward Cabrera: Third rehab start coming Tuesday
by RotoWire
(39 mins ago) Cabrera (hamstring) is slated to make the third start of his rehab assignment Tuesday with Double-A Knoxville, MLB.com reports.

Cabrera will bump down a level after making his first two rehab starts at Triple-A Iowa. The right-hander, who has been on the shelf since June 24 due to a left hamstring/adductor strain, most recently covered 55 pitches over four innings Wednesday, striking out eight batters in that outing while allowing one unearned run on one hit and no walks. If he's able to build on that pitch count Tuesday, Cabrera should get the green light to return from the 15-day injured list to make his next start in the big leagues.

Chris Bassitt P • BAL
Orioles' Chris Bassitt: Looks ready to rejoin rotation
by RotoWire
(45 mins ago) Bassitt (back) struck out five and allowed three hits and two walks across six scoreless innings Friday in a rehab start with Triple-A Norfolk.

Bassitt built up to 83 pitches (51 strikes) in the third and most likely final start of his minor-league rehab assignment. Over his three outings with Norfolk, Bassitt submitted a 1.98 ERA, 0.88 WHIP and 12:4 K:BB In 13.2 innings. He's expected to return from the 60-day injured list to slot into the rotation this weekend during the Orioles' series at Tampa Bay. The Orioles already cleared a spot in the rotation for Bassitt by optioning lefty Cade Povich to Triple-A Norfolk on Monday.

Drew Rom P • MIL
Athletics' Drew Rom: Claimed by A's
by RotoWire
(59 mins ago) The Athletics claimed Rom off waivers Tuesday.

The left-hander was designated for assignment by the Brewers over the weekend and will retain a 40-man roster spot with the A's. Rom was at the Triple-A level for Milwaukee and should report to Triple-A Las Vegas for his new organization. He has a 2.03 ERA, 1.05 WHIP and 59:10 K:BB across 40 Triple-A innings this year and also gave up two earned runs on six hits with 11 strikeouts and four walks over 5.2 frames in the majors.

Joe Ryan P • MIN
Twins' Joe Ryan: Playing catch
by RotoWire
(1 hr ago) Ryan (glute) threw on flat ground Monday, Aaron Gleeman of AaronGleeman.com reports.

The right-hander landed on the injured list Friday due to a left glute strain, but it's encouraging that he was shut down from throwing for only a few days. Ryan will be eligible to be reinstated for the Aug. 21 matchup with the Padres, though it remains to be seen if he'll be ready to go at that point.

Luis Gil P • NYY
Yankees' Luis Gil: Beginning rehab assignment
by RotoWire
(2 hrs ago) Gil (shoulder) is reporting to High-A Hudson Valley to begin a rehab assignment Tuesday, Gary Phillips of the New York Daily News reports.

The right-hander has been sidelined since late April due to shoulder inflammation and has now been cleared to pitch in a game setting. Gil made four starts for the Yankees in April and surrendered 13 runs with a 9:11 K:BB over 19.1 innings before being demoted to Triple-A Scranton/Wilkes-Barre, where he ended up on the injured list. The 28-year-old will likely need at least a couple starts in the lower minors before he rejoins the RailRiders.

George Klassen P • LAA
Angels' George Klassen: Handed another start
by RotoWire
(2 hrs ago) Klassen is slated to start Wednesday's game against the Rangers at Angel Stadium.

After spending the past four months in the minors, Klassen was recalled from Triple-A Salt Lake last week when the Angels had an opening in the rotation after dealing Jose Soriano to the Blue Jays prior to the trade deadline. Klassen made his third start of the season with the Angels on Friday in Miami, taking a no-decision while striking out three and allowing one earned run on four hits and four walks in four innings. Klassen may need a better showing during his upcoming turn through the rotation to ensure he receives additional starts with the Angels, who will soon get some reinforcement with Yusei Kikuchi (shoulder) nearing a return from the 60-day injured list. Once Kikuchi is activated, the Angels will likely have only one rotation spot available for Klassen and Ryan Johnson.

Ryan Johnson P • LAA
Angels' Ryan Johnson: Set for another start
by RotoWire
(2 hrs ago) Johnson will start Tuesday's game against the Rangers at Angel Stadium.

The Angels optioned Johnson to Triple-A Salt Lake on Aug. 1, only to recall him three days later when the team had a couple of vacancies in the rotation following the trade deadline. Johnson ended up picking up his 10th start of the season Thursday, when he took a no-decision in Baltimore while allowing one run on three hits and five walks over 4.2 innings. Johnson will get another chance to start Tuesday, but he'll likely need to show improved efficiency in order to extend his stay in the rotation. Yusei Kikuchi (shoulder) has made three rehab starts and looks close to coming back from the 60-day injured list, and his eventual return will likely result in either Johnson or George Klassen losing out on a rotation spot.

Bryce Eldridge DH • SF
Giants' Bryce Eldridge: Doubles in defeat
by RotoWire
(2 hrs ago) Eldridge went 1-for-4 with a double and a run scored in Monday's 6-3 extra-inning loss to the Astros.

Eldridge doubled in the fourth inning before coming around to score San Francisco's first run. The 21-year-old hasn't been very productive in August, during which he's batting .233 with two RBI, two runs scored and a 21.9 percent strikeout rate in 32 plate appearances. Overall, he's slashing .248/.342/.426 with 37 runs scored, 28 RBI, 11 long balls and a stolen base across 310 plate appearances this season.

More Player News