source: https://buecker.baseball.cbssports.com/players/all-player-updates
captured: 2026-08-08T11:23:23
---
Yovanny Cruz P • WAS
Nationals' Yovanny Cruz: Nabs first hold
by RotoWire
(44 mins ago) Cruz walked one and struck out one in a scoreless seventh inning Friday to record his first career hold in Friday's win over the Reds.

Acquired from the Yankees in the Luis Garcia deal at the trade deadline, Cruz has quickly slid into a high-leverage role in the Nationals' bullpen. The right-hander topped out at 102 mph with his fastball but leaned heavily on his slider, which he used to fan Matt McLain and coax an inning-ending double play from Sal Stewart. Washington has been looking for a power arm to anchor the back of its bullpen all year, so Cruz should get a long look as a late-inning option. Through his first 6.2 big-league innings between the Yankees and Nats, he sports a 2.70 ERA, 1.20 WHIP and 8:3 K:BB.

Marcus Semien 2B • NYM
Mets' Marcus Semien: Goes yard again Friday
by RotoWire
(51 mins ago) Semien went 1-for-4 with a three-run home run in Friday's win over the Pirates.

He took Carmen Mlodzinski deep in the third inning, giving the Mets a 5-0 lead they were able to hold onto in an eventual 6-4 win. Semien has homered in back-to-back games, and his bat is showing signs of life late in the year -- over his last 12 contests, the 35-year-old is batting .306 (11-for-36) with four homers, two steals, 10 runs and 10 RBI.

JoJo Parker SS • TOR
Blue Jays' JoJo Parker: Pushing for promotion
by RotoWire
(1 hr ago) Parker collected five hits, including two doubles and a home run, across both games of a doubleheader for Single-A Dunedin on Friday.

The eighth overall pick in the 2025 First-Year Player Draft has spent his entire first pro season at Single-A so far, but Parker is making a strong case for a promotion before the end of the year. He's hit safely in eight straight games, batting .441 (15-for-34) during that blistering stretch with eight extra-base hits including four homers. Over his last 40 contests for Dunedin dating back to June 9, Parker has produced a .293/.403/.587 slash line with nine homers, nine steals, 38 runs, 41 RBI and an acceptable 23.8 percent strikeout rate.

Caleb Durbin 3B • BOS
Red Sox's Caleb Durbin: RBI streak reaches five games
by RotoWire
(1 hr ago) Durbin went 1-for-4 with two RBI in Friday's 13-1 win over the Athletics.

Durbin drove in one run on a sacrifice fly in the sixth inning before closing out the scoring with a run-producing double an inning later. The third baseman extended hit and RBI streaks to five games, during which he's gone 8-for-20 with two doubles, a home run and nine RBI.

Osleivis Basabe SS • SF
Giants' Osleivis Basabe: Multi-hit effort in win
by RotoWire
(1 hr ago) Basabe went 2-for-3 with a run scored in Friday's 5-2 win over the Tigers.

Basabe singled in the second inning before coming around to score, and he added another base hit in the sixth. The 25-year-old infielder has recorded at least one hit in six straight games, batting .364 with eight RBI, four runs scored, three home runs and a double in 24 plate appearances during that span. With Luis Arraez now in Philadelphia, Basabe figures to handle a regular role in the infield, especially with Marcelo Mayer (forearm) sidelined.

Daylen Lile OF • WAS
Nationals' Daylen Lile: Continues to dominate Cincy
by RotoWire
(1 hr ago) Lile went 2-for-4 with a double, a three-run home run and a second run scored in Friday's 5-3 win over the Reds.

The 23-year-old seems to save his best performances for games against the team that plays just up Interstate 71 from his home town in Louisville. In six career games versus the Reds, Lile has gone 9-for-25 (.360) with six extra-base hits, including four homers, and 13 RBI. Lile has had an up-and-down campaign, and while he's batting just .236 (17-for-72) in 21 games since the All-Star break, he's clubbed five of his 15 homers on the season while adding two steals, 10 runs and 15 RBI.

Tekoah Roby P • STL
Cardinals' Tekoah Roby: Close to facing hitters
by RotoWire
(1 hr ago) Cardinals president of baseball operations Chaim Bloom said Friday that Roby (elbow) could be ready to face hitters in the coming days, Daniel Guerrero of the St. Louis Post-Dispatch reports.

Roby had seemed like a long shot to pitch this season after he underwent Tommy John surgery in late July of last year. However, he's progressed well in his rehab and is "getting closer and closer" to pitching in a game, per Bloom. The 24-year-old could make a few late-season appearances and is a candidate to be assigned to the Arizona Fall League and/or winter ball as he looks to make up for lost innings.

Clayton Beeter P • WAS
Nationals' Clayton Beeter: Secures 12th save
by RotoWire
(1 hr ago) Beeter struck out one in a perfect ninth inning Friday to record his 12th save of the season in a 5-3 win over the Reds.

The Nationals got a rare smooth performance from the bullpen, as Yovanny Cruz and Orlando Ribalta handled the seventh and eighth innings before Beeter wrapped things up. Beeter has been far from a lockdown closer, however, and over 12 appearances and 9.2 innings since the beginning of July he's stumbled to a 5.59 ERA, 1.14 WHIP and 8:4 K:BB while blowing two of eight save chances.

Cade Cavalli P • WAS
Nationals' Cade Cavalli: Reels off sixth straight QS
by RotoWire
(1 hr ago) Cavalli (9-5) picked up the win in Friday's 5-3 victory over the Reds, giving up three runs on seven hits and two walks over six innings. He struck out eight.

All three runs off the right-hander came on solo shots by Eugenio Suarez, Matt McLain and Elly De La Cruz, but Cavalli otherwise held Cincy in check en route to his 13th quality start of the season, and his sixth straight -- a stretch in which he's produced a 2.75 ERA, 1.08 WHIP and 36:8 K:BB through 36 innings. Cavalli will look to keep rolling in his next outing, which lines up to come at home next week against the Cubs.

Luis Mey P • CIN
Reds' Luis Mey: Impressive in long relief
by RotoWire
(1 hr ago) Mey gave up two hits and struck out four over 2.2 scoreless relief innings in Friday's 5-3 loss to the Nationals. He didn't walk a batter.

All the scoring had already occurred by the time Mey took the mound to begin fifth inning in a bullpen day for the Reds, but the 25-year-old right-hander did what he could to keep the door open for a potential comeback. It was Mey's first big-league action since June 5, and also the first time in eight MLB appearances this season that he didn't issue a free pass. Control remains his biggest hurdle to a more prominent role -- he's got an 18:10 K:BB in 11.1 innings for Cincinnati in 2026 -- but Mey's upper-90s sinker and wipeout slider give him a sky-high ceiling if things begin to click.

More Player News