source: https://buecker.baseball.cbssports.com/players/all-player-updates
captured: 2026-08-31T21:21:04
---
Michael Massey P • DET
Tigers' Michael Massey: Back at full strength
by RotoWire
(21 mins ago) Massey (elbow) was activated from the 60-day injured list Friday.

It's not exactly clear as to when Massey underwent UCL surgery, but he was placed on the 7-day injured list to begin the 2025 campaign and was then transferred to the 60-day IL in April 2025. He's since made a full recovery and made his professional debut at Single-A Lakeland on Friday, where he allowed two runs on one hit and two walks while striking out two over 1.2 innings.

Will Watson P • NYM
Mets' Will Watson: Returns to health
by RotoWire
(31 mins ago) Watson (oblique) was activated from the 60-day injured list Thursday.

Watson, who landed on the injured list in May due to an oblique injury, wrapped up a rehab assignment with High-A Brooklyn on Aug. 21 and has since returned to Double-A Binghamton. He's struggled at Double-A so far this season, accruing a 7.83 ERA and 1.78 WHIP with a 21:14 K:BB across 23.0 innings.

Eli Serrano OF • NYM
Mets' Eli Serrano: Activated from MiLB IL
by RotoWire
(39 mins ago) Serrano (shoulder) was activated from the 60-day injured list Tuesday.

Serrano ended up missing just over 10 weeks after picking up a shoulder strain in mid June. He reported to Double-A Binghamton following his activation and is 5-for-20 with two home runs and five RBI in five games since his return.

Carlos Hernandez P • CLE
Guardians' Carlos Hernandez: Getting call to big leagues
by RotoWire
(58 mins ago) Hernandez will have his contract selected from Triple-A Columbus ahead of Tuesday's game against the Blue Jays, Guardians Prospective reports.

Hernandez has been decent at Triple-A since being activated from the 60-day injured list near the end of July, though one blowup outing against Saint Paul on Aug. 20 has inflated his ERA to 5.40 over 13.1 innings (12 appearances). He'll be called on to provide bullpen support for the Guardians once rosters expand Tuesday.

Core Jackson SS • NYY
Yankees' Core Jackson: Back in action at Somerset
by RotoWire
(1 hr ago) Jackson (undisclosed) has gone 5-for-25 (.200 average) with two doubles, two steals and a 2:5 BB:K in six games for Double-A Somerset since being reinstated from the 7-day injured list Aug. 23.

Jackson ended up missing just over a week due to an unspecified injury. The 22-year-old infielder owns a .238/.327/.333 slash line and has gone a perfect 6-for-6 on stolen-base attempts over 49 plate appearances at Somerset since being promoted from High-A Hudson Valley on Aug. 11.

Robert Hassell OF • PIT
Pirates' Robert Hassell: Makes return from 7-day IL
by RotoWire
(1 hr ago) Hassell (undisclosed) has gone 5-for-14 with two doubles, one walk, two stolen bases, three RBI and three runs in four games for Triple-A Indianapolis since being reinstated from the 7-day injured list Wednesday.

The 25-year-old outfielder has spent time at three levels since joining the Pirates organization in a July 16 trade, slashing .256/.373/.326 with three stolen bases over 12 contests.

Daniel Schneemann 2B,3B,OF • CLE
Guardians' Daniel Schneemann: Heading to big leagues
by RotoWire
(1 hr ago) Schneemann will be recalled from Triple-A Columbus prior to Tuesday's game against the Blue Jays, Guardians Prospective reports.

Schneemann was optioned to the minors July 24 but has impressed at the dish since the demotion, slashing .326/.457/.533 with three home runs, 10 RBI, four stolen bases and 32 runs over 25 games. He'll serve in a utility role for Cleveland and has started at six different positions this season in the big leagues, primarily manning third base and center field.

Henry Baez P • ATH
Athletics' Henry Baez: Shelved at Double-A
by RotoWire
(1 hr ago) Double-A Midland placed Baez on the 7-day injured list Aug. 5 due to an unspecified injury.

Baez has hit the shelf on two occasions this season, with another injury costing him about five weeks of action earlier in 2026. The 23-year-old righty possesses a spot on the Athletics' 40-man roster, but he's not believed to be in the mix for a September call-up, especially while he's on the mend from another injury. Baez owns a 7.09 ERA and 1.73 WHIP across 53.1 innings over his 14 starts for Midland on the season.

Richard Lovelady P • WAS
Nationals' Richard Lovelady: Facing live hitters
by RotoWire
(1 hr ago) Lovelady (triceps) pitched in a bridge game Friday, MLB.com reports.

Lovelady has been on the injured list since June 29 due to a left triceps strain but has since been cleared to face live hitters. The Nationals haven't been eager to lay out a timeline for the southpaw's return, though he'll seemingly be activated from the IL at some point during the final month of the regular season.

Drew Thorpe P • CHW
White Sox's Drew Thorpe: Set for another rehab start
by RotoWire
(1 hr ago) Thorpe (elbow) is expected to make his next rehab start for Triple-A Charlotte on Wednesday, MLB.com reports.

Though Thorpe appears to be fully stretched back out after covering at least four innings in each of his last five rehab outings, the White Sox have delayed his activation from the 60-day injured list. Chicago doesn't appear to have room for Thorpe in the big-league rotation, so the right-hander could remain with Charlotte through the end of his rehab window. Through his first seven minor-league appearances since starting up his rehab assignment following the All-Star break, Thorpe has delivered a 3.04 ERA, 1.09 WHIP and 28:8 K:BB across 26.2 frames.

More Player News