source: https://buecker.baseball.cbssports.com/players/all-player-updates
captured: 2026-08-28T07:39:55
---
Jacob Young OF • WAS
Nationals' Jacob Young: Two steals in win
by RotoWire
(48 mins ago) Young went 2-for-4 with a double, a run scored and two stolen bases in Thursday's 7-1 win over Colorado.

Young's been heating up at the plate, going 5-for-14 (.357) with three doubles and three steals in his last four games. The outfielder is now 17-for-20 in stolen base attempts this season while slashing .249/.314/.399 with 10 homers, 43 RBI and 49 runs scored across 408 plate appearances.

Kohl Drake P • ARI
Diamondbacks' Kohl Drake: Coming up from Reno to start Friday
by RotoWire
(50 mins ago) The Diamondbacks are expected to recall Drake from Triple-A Reno to start Friday's game against the Giants in San Francisco.

Arizona will add a new starter to the rotation for the second day in a row, as Jose Cabrera was previously summoned from Reno to start Thursday's 6-1 loss in the series opener. Drake will be up with Arizona for the third time this season, after turning in a 5.40 ERA, 1.56 WHIP and 13:6 K:BB in 16.2 innings across four starts during his prior two stints in the majors.

A.J. Blubaugh P • HOU
Astros' AJ Blubaugh: Another strong showing
by RotoWire
(52 mins ago) Blubaugh earned a hold in Thursday's 5-1 win over the Yankees, allowing one hit while striking out three over two scoreless innings.

Blubaugh continues to impress in the backend of Houston's bullpen. The right-hander has held opponents scoreless in 11 of his last 13 appearances, posting a 0.93 ERA and a 0.78 WHIP across 19.1 innings in that span. Blubaugh's ERA is down to 3.17 through 82.1 innings this season with a 1.17 WHIP and 84:34 K:BB. He's totaled seven holds and one save.

Keibert Ruiz C • WAS
Nationals' Keibert Ruiz: Homers Thursday
by RotoWire
(59 mins ago) Ruiz went 2-for-5 with a two-run homer and a double in Thursday's 7-1 win over the Rockies.

Ruiz capped the scoring with a two-run shot off Jimmy Herget in the eighth inning, his ninth homer this season. The 28-year-old Ruiz has been hot since the start of August, going 20-for-53 (.377) with a pair of homers and a .978 OPS in his last 16 games. Overall, the catcher is slashing .281/.320/.453 with 45 RBI, 41 runs scored and a pair of stolen bases across 306 plate appearances this year.

Drew Gilbert OF • SF
Giants' Drew Gilbert: Belts eighth homer
by RotoWire
(6 hrs ago) Gilbert went 1-for-3 with a solo home run and an additional RBI in a 6-1 victory over the Diamondbacks on Thursday.

Gilbert led off the Giants' half of the first inning with a 407-foot solo shot to right-center field. He added a sacrifice fly in the fifth inning to snap a 1-1 tie. The 25-year-old has gone 5-for-12 over his past four games, with four of his knocks (three doubles and a homer) during that span going for extra bases. Gilbert hasn't started either of San Francisco's past two games against a lefty starter, so he appears locked into the strong side of a center-field platoon.

Jose Cabrera P • ARI
Diamondbacks' Jose Cabrera: Takes loss in return to majors
by RotoWire
(6 hrs ago) Cabrera (0-3) allowed two runs on three hits and one walk while striking out four batters over 4.1 innings in a loss to San Francisco on Thursday.

Cabrera was called up from Triple-A Reno earlier in the day and was handed the ball for his fifth big-league start of the season. The right-hander served up a solo homer to the first batter he faced in the game, but he showed poised in settling down thereafter, leaving the game with one out in the fifth inning in a 1-1 tie. A run was charged to Cabrera's ledger after he departed, and that was enough to send him to the loss. Despite the defeat, Cabrera made a generally good impression, though he was given a relatively quick hook after just 70 pitches. With Michael Soroka (shoulder) on the IL, Cabrera may have pitched well enough to earn another turn in the rotation, and that would line up to come at home against Philadelphia next week.

Landen Roupp P • SF
Giants' Landen Roupp: Snaps losing streak Thursday
by RotoWire
(6 hrs ago) Roupp (8-13) completed five innings Thursday, allowing one run on four hits and two walks while striking out three batters over five innings.

Roupp served up a fourth-inning solo homer to Gabriel Moreno, but that was the only time the Diamondbacks were able to score against him. The right-handed hurler did have to work to cover five frames -- he threw a total of 95 pitches (60 strikes) -- but he lasted just long enough to snap a streak of five straight losses. Roupp has had a disappointing season with a 4.25 ERA and 1.31 WHIP, but he leads San Francisco starters with an 8.6 K/9 over a team-high 26 starts.

Drake Baldwin C • ATL
Braves' Drake Baldwin: Provides lone run with long ball
by RotoWire
(6 hrs ago) Baldwin went 1-for-4 with a solo home run Thursday in a 1-0 win against the Dodgers.

Baldwin slugged Yoshinobu Yamamoto's first pitch of the contest over the right-field wall to give Atlanta a quick lead. That ended up being the only run scored by either team, as Yamamoto and Chris Sale squared off in a pitchers' duel. Baldwin extended his on-base streak to a modest five games with the homer, and over that stretch he's reached base in 10 of 21 plate appearances. However, his power his been mostly absent of late -- prior to Thursday, he had gone deep just once over his previous 30 contests.

Yoshinobu Yamamoto P • LAD
Dodgers' Yoshinobu Yamamoto: Takes loss in pitchers' duel with Sale
by RotoWire
(6 hrs ago) Yamamoto (12-8) took the loss against Atlanta on Thursday, allowing one run on four hits and one walk while striking out eight batters over 6.1 innings.

Yamamoto's first pitch of the game was hit over the right-field wall by Drake Baldwin for a quick Atlanta lead. After that, Yamamoto was outstanding, allowing only four more baserunners and no more runs during his time in the contest. However, opposing starter Chris Sale throttled the Dodgers in a complete-game shutout to hand Yamamoto the loss. Despite the defeat, the reigning World Series MVP was mostly dominant, matching Sale with 20 whiffs while notching his third consecutive quality start. Yamamoto has been one of MLB's top pitchers again this season, ranking seventh among qualified hurlers with a 2.56 ERA and second with a 0.89 WHIP while posting a 153:36 K:BB over 158 innings spanning 24 starts.

Chris Sale P • ATL
Braves' Chris Sale: Dominates Dodgers with shutout
by RotoWire
(6 hrs ago) Sale (13-9) earned the win over the Dodgers on Thursday, allowing five hits and striking out 11 batters without issuing any walks over nine scoreless innings.

Sale was magnificent against the defending champions, racking up 20 whiffs while throwing 80 of 109 pitches for strikes. The veteran left-hander logged his first complete game and first shutout since 2019, and it was also just the eighth complete-game shutout by an MLB pitcher this season. Sale entered the contest on a three-game losing streak despite tossing three quality starts during that span, so he took matters in his own hands and got back into the win column even with just one run of support from Atlanta's offense. He's been one of the top hurlers in baseball during his 16th big-league campaign, ranking second among qualified starters with a 2.06 ERA, sixth with a 1.00 WHIP and seventh with 177 strikeouts over 144 innings spanning 24 starts.

More Player News