source: https://buecker.baseball.cbssports.com/players/all-player-updates
captured: 2026-09-04T12:55:27
---
Matt Wilkinson P • SF
Giants' Matt Wilkinson: Making another start Friday
by RotoWire
(10 mins ago) Wilkinson will start Friday's game against the Mets at Citi Field.

After being called up from Triple-A Sacramento to start the first game of last Saturday's doubleheader with the Diamondbacks, Wilkinson proceeded to take a tough-luck loss after striking out four batters while giving up two runs on three hits and two walks across six innings. Wilkinson had been designated as the 27th man for the twin bill, but he ended up sticking around with the big club after reliever Sam Hentges (forearm) was placed on the injured list a day later. Wilkinson will be awarded another turn through the rotation and could have a chance at making regular starts for the Giants over the final month of season if he performs adequately.

Joel Kuhnel P • MIL
Giants' Joel Kuhnel: Scooped up off waivers by Giants
by RotoWire
(21 mins ago) The Giants claimed Kuhnel off waivers from the Brewers on Friday, Adam McCalvy of MLB.com reports.

Kuhnel hasn't pitched in the big leagues since early July due to right rotator cuff tendinopathy, but he's healthy now after completing a rehab assignment. The 31-year-old has posted a 4.84 ERA and 22:12 K:BB over 35.1 innings in the majors this season and will give the Giants some experienced bullpen help.

River Ryan P • DET
Tigers' River Ryan: Nearing return to mound
by RotoWire
(58 mins ago) Ryan (hamstring/paternity) is expected to be cleared to pitch in games again soon, Chris McCosky of The Detroit News reports.

Ryan has not pitched since June because of a hamstring strain, and he's also been away on paternity leave recently. The 27-year-old was acquired from the Dodgers at the trade deadline in the Tarik Skubal deal, and he will be making his organizational debut when he gets into a game. The Tigers remain hopeful that Ryan can pitch for them before the end of this season, but it's not a given after he had such a long layoff.

Jack Flaherty P • DET
Tigers' Jack Flaherty: Could make rehab start this weekend
by RotoWire
(1 hr ago) Tigers manager A.J. Hinch said Friday that Flaherty (forearm) could begin a rehab assignment with Triple-A Toledo this weekend, Chris McCosky of The Detroit News reports.

Flaherty has progressed well of late as he ramps up his throwing progression, and he could test things out in a game setting soon. The veteran right-hander has been sidelined since late July with right forearm flexor inflammation. Flaherty could need a couple rehab appearances before rejoining the Tigers' rotation later this month.

Cade Cavalli P • WAS
Nationals' Cade Cavalli: Ready to roll for Saturday's start
by RotoWire
(1 hr ago) Cavalli (calf) is listed as the Nationals' probable pitcher for Saturday's game against the Dodgers.

Cavalli had to be removed from his last outing Saturday versus the Marlins after four innings when he was hit in the calf by a comebacker. However, he checked out fine after the contest and got through his normal between-starts throwing with no concerns. Cavalli will enter Saturday's start having gone 7-1 with a 1.83 ERA, 0.93 WHIP and 67:14 K:BB over 54 innings covering nine outings in the second half.

Drew Romo C • CHW
White Sox's Drew Romo: Sent down to Charlotte
by RotoWire
(2 hrs ago) The White Sox optioned Romo to Triple-A Charlotte on Friday.

He's losing his spot on the active roster in order to make space for the return of Kyle Teel (ankle). Romo had been sharing the catcher job lately with Jake Rogers, who will stick around as Teel's backup.

Kyle Teel C • CHW
White Sox's Kyle Teel: Reinstated from injured list
by RotoWire
(2 hrs ago) The White Sox activated Teel (ankle) from the 10-day injured list Friday.

Teel landed on the IL just after the All-Star break with a left high-ankle sprain, but he's been deemed fit to return after going 7-for-22 with one home run and one double in six rehab contests. The young catcher has been limited to only 19 games in the big leagues this season due to injury, slashing .190/.271/.317 in those tilts. Teel will serve as the primary catcher for the White Sox down the stretch, though the left-handed hitter could sit in favor of Jake Rogers versus lefties.

Christian Scott P • NYM
Mets' Christian Scott: Won't pitch on normal rest again in 2026
by RotoWire
(2 hrs ago) Scott will have his workload reduced over the final weeks of the season, Will Sammon of The Athletic reports.

Interim manager Andy Green indicated this week that Scott wouldn't pitch again the year on only four days rest. The 27-year-old right-hander has already tossed a career-high 108.1 innings between Triple-A and the majors in his first season back from hybrid Tommy John surgery, and with the Mets out of playoff contention they have no reason to push him. It's not yet clear if New York will shift to a six-man rotation to provide all its young starters with extra rest, if Scott will have his turn skipped at some point in September, or if the team has another solution in mind. Scott has given up at least three runs in six of his last seven starts, stumbling to a 5.40 ERA, 1.46 WHIP and 41:18 K:BB in 35 innings over that stretch.

Xavier Edwards 2B,SS • MIA
Marlins' Xavier Edwards: Beginning to ramp up
by RotoWire
(2 hrs ago) Edwards (thumb) has begun doing rotational work in a batting cage and throwing a ball, but he's still unable to play catch or fully squeeze his hand due to inflammation, MLB.com reports.

The infielder injured his thumb while applying a tag at second base Aug. 30, but Edwards avoided any structural damage and is dealing with a sprain. The Marlins remain optimistic he'll be back in the lineup in mid-September, and he could progress quickly once the inflammation in his thumb subsides.

Owen Caissie OF • MIA
Marlins' Owen Caissie: Dealing with neck spasms
by RotoWire
(2 hrs ago) Caissie hasn't been in the lineup the last two days due to neck spasms, MLB.com reports.

The 24-year-old likely would have sat anyway Wednesday against southpaw Noah Cameron, but Caissie's absence Thursday against right-hander Michael Wacha was a hint that something was amiss. He was apparently available off the bench for the series finale in Kansas City, although he went unused. Caissie will likely sit again Friday against lefty Shota Imanaga, but if he continues to improve Caissie could slot back in as the right fielder Saturday with Clay Holmes on the bump for the Cubs.

More Player News