source: https://buecker.baseball.cbssports.com/players/all-player-updates
captured: 2026-09-02T12:50:50
---
Christian Encarnacion-Strand 1B,3B • BAL
Orioles' Christian Encarnacion-Strand: Taking seat Wednesday
by RotoWire
(7 mins ago) Encarnacion-Strand is absent from the lineup for Wednesday's game in Colorado.

He started Tuesday's contest, but this will be Encarnacion-Strand's second time out of the lineup during the three-game series. Coby Mayo will get the call at third base for the Orioles.

Davis Martin P • CHW
White Sox's Davis Martin: Activated ahead of start Wednesday
by RotoWire
(20 mins ago) The White Sox activated Martin (finger) from the 15-day injured list Wednesday, James Fegan of the Chicago Sun-Times reports.

Martin will make his return to the Chicago rotation with a start Wednesday in Houston. The right-hander has been sidelined since mid-August because of a blister on his right middle finger. Martin tossed five scoreless frames in his lone rehab start, but he had posted a 9.95 ERA and 1.63 WHIP in his last five outings before getting hurt.

Tanner McDougal P • CHW
White Sox's Tanner McDougal: Dispatched to minors
by RotoWire
(22 mins ago) The White Sox optioned McDougal to Triple-A Charlotte on Wednesday, James Fegan of the Chicago Sun-Times reports.

He's clearing off the active roster to make room for the return of Davis Martin (finger), who will start Wednesday's game against the Astros. McDougal had just been promoted Tuesday and did not appear in the win over Houston.

Will Smith C • LAD
Dodgers' Will Smith: Plates two runs in return
by RotoWire
(25 mins ago) Smith went 1-for-5 with a double and two RBI in Tuesday's loss to St. Louis.

Smith returned Tuesday from a nearly three-month stay on the injured due to a neck injury. The All-Star catcher started behind the plate and batted fifth in the Dodgers' order. Smith flied out in each of his first three plate appearances before roping a two-run double to left field in the seventh inning. He'll have about four weeks to shake any rust ahead of the postseason and should return to a regular role as Los Angeles' top backstop, with Hunter Feduccia serving as his primary backup.

Cal Raleigh C • SEA
Mariners' Cal Raleigh: Sitting out afternoon contest
by RotoWire
(26 mins ago) Raleigh is not in the lineup for Wednesday's game in Boston.

Raleigh had started the last 11 contests for the Mariners and went deep seven times during that span, but he'll receive a breather during Wednesday's matinee. Jhonny Pareda will be behind the dish for the Mariners in the rubber match.

Lazaro Montes OF • SEA
Mariners' Lazaro Montes: Sitting versus southpaw
by RotoWire
(29 mins ago) Montes is not in the lineup for Wednesday's game in Boston.

Montes homered as part of a two-hit day in his major-league debut Tuesday, but the left-handed batter will not start Wednesday as the Red Sox send southpaw Patrick Sandoval to the bump. Taylor Ward is in right field for the Mariners, and he will likely continue to platoon with Montes between that position and designated hitter.

Adley Rutschman C • BOS
Red Sox's Adley Rutschman: Remains out Wednesday
by RotoWire
(33 mins ago) Rutschman (elbow) remains out of the lineup for Wednesday's game versus the Mariners.

Rutschman has missed three straight starts and has been in the lineup just three times over Boston's last nine contests as he battles a hyperextended right elbow. It's an injury he might have to deal with for the remainder of the season, though there's been no indication to this point that the Red Sox are mulling a stint on the injured list. Connor Wong will get the nod behind the plate again Wednesday.

Andrew Sears P • DET
Tigers' Andrew Sears: Slated to start Friday
by RotoWire
(36 mins ago) Sears is scheduled to start Friday's game against the Guardians, Evan Woodbery of MLive.com reports.

Sears was called up from Triple-A Toledo last week and has made two appearances out of the Detroit bullpen, allowing five runs on eight hits and one walk with four strikeouts across 6.2 innings. Across four levels of the minors this season, Sears started 12 contests and recorded a 2.16 ERA, 1.03 WHIP and 67:20 K:BB spanning 58.1 innings.

Clarke Schmidt P • NYY
Yankees' Clarke Schmidt: Throws 20 pitches in first rehab outing
by RotoWire
(38 mins ago) Schmidt (elbow) completed two-thirds of an inning in a rehab appearance with Double-A Somerset on Saturday, allowing two runs on two hits -- including one home run -- while striking out two batters.

Schmidt displayed some obvious rust in his first game action since he underwent an internal brace procedure on his right elbow last July. The veteran hurler threw 20 pitches in the outing. During his ramp-up, Schmidt's fastball has been hovering around 95 mph, per Chris Kirschner of The Athletic, which is about where it was pre-surgery. Schmidt figures to need more rehab appearances before he rejoins the Yankees, but he won't need to build up to a starter's workload since he'll be working out of the bullpen.

Alec Bohm 1B,3B • PHI
Phillies' Alec Bohm: Day off Wednesday
by RotoWire
(38 mins ago) Bohm is not in the lineup for Wednesday's game in Arizona.

He'll receive a routine day of rest after starting each of the last eight contests. With Bohm out, Kyle Schwarber will slot in at first base in the series finale.

More Player News