source: https://buecker.baseball.cbssports.com/players/all-player-updates
captured: 2026-09-24T12:21:42
---
Sandy Alcantara P • MIA
Marlins' Sandy Alcantara: Won't make start this weekend
by RotoWire
(4 mins ago) Marlins manager Clayton McCullough said Thursday that Alcantara will not make a start this weekend against Atlanta, Stephen Strom of Marlins Radio Network reports.

Alcantara had been penciled in to take the ball Saturday in the Marlins' final regular-season series, but the club has decided against having the righty make another start. The right-hander has notched two saves over the past week, as the Marlins have used him in relief on his throw days, and Alcantara will be available out of the bullpen this weekend. Alcantara has logged a league-high 213 innings this season and tied a career high with 33 starts.

Kevin Gausman P • CHC
Cubs' Kevin Gausman: Left shoulder remains sore
by RotoWire
(20 mins ago) Gausman said Thursday that his left shoulder remains sore and he's uncertain when he will be available to pitch, Bruce Levine of 670TheScore.com reports.

Gausman injured his left (non-throwing) shoulder during Wednesday's start against the Marlins when his arm was extended awkwardly as he dove to tag a runner out. He will have five days of rest before Game 1 of the National League Wild Card Series, and he could be the Cubs' choice to start that day if he's physically able. More should be known about Gausman's health status by this weekend.

Jesus Sanchez OF • ARI
Diamondbacks' Jesus Sanchez: Exiting starting lineup
by RotoWire
(36 mins ago) Sanchez is absent from the lineup for Thursday's game in Colorado.

Sanchez started each of the last six games against right-handed pitching, but he'll begin Thursday's festivities on the bench as the Rockies send righty Tanner Gordon to the bump. Gabriel Moreno will get a day at designated hitter, and James McCann will do the catching for the Diamondbacks.

Mark Vientos 1B,3B • NYM
Mets' Mark Vientos: Sitting out against righty
by RotoWire
(42 mins ago) Vientos is not in the lineup for Thursday's contest versus the Rangers.

The Mets have faced two right-handers since Jared Young (concussion) got hurt. Vientos has been on the bench for both contests, so he remains stuck in a short-side platoon even as the Mets navigate injuries. Juan Soto will be the designated hitter and Nick Morabito will patrol left field for the Mets.

Francisco Alvarez C • NYM
Mets' Francisco Alvarez: Out of Thursday's lineup
by RotoWire
(46 mins ago) Alvarez is not in the lineup for Thursday's game versus the Rangers.

After starting each of the previous four contests, Alvarez will exit the lineup for Thursday's series finale. The Mets will go with Luis Torrens at catcher as they attempt a series sweep.

Lawrence Butler OF • ATH
Athletics' Lawrence Butler: Pair of hits in Wednesday's win
by RotoWire
(47 mins ago) Butler went 2-for-5 with an RBI and was caught stealing in Wednesday's 7-3 win over the Angels.

Butler started the scoring with an RBI single in the first inning, ultimately closing with a pair of knocks in the win. The outfielder has really turned things around in the second half of the season, slashing .278/.358/.505 with 12 homers, 39 RBI, 32 runs and four stolen bases in 62 games after the All-Star break. Overall, Butler is hitting .235/.325/.395 with 17 homers, 61 RBI, 63 runs and 10 stolen bases across 150 contests.

Kyle Harrison P • MIL
Brewers' Kyle Harrison: Back in bullpen
by RotoWire
(1 hr ago) Harrison struck out a batter and gave up a run on three hits and no walks over an inning of relief in Tuesday's 6-4 loss to the Phillies.

After giving up five runs (four earned) while failing to escape the second inning in a start versus the Pirates last Thursday, Harrison has made his last two appearances out of the bullpen. Harrison retired just one of the three batters he faced in a relief outing against the Orioles over the weekend, and his struggles continued during Tuesday's appearance. The southpaw had been pitching at an All-Star level during the first half of the season, but he's completely unraveled since returning to action Aug. 5 following a four-week stint on the injured list. Over his 10 appearances (seven starts) since being activated, Harrison owns a 7.80 ERA and 2.20 WHIP across 30 innings. Harrison's string of poor performances could put him at risk of being left off the Brewers' postseason roster.

Joe Mack C • MIA
Marlins' Joe Mack: Exiting starting lineup
by RotoWire
(1 hr ago) Mack is not in the lineup for Thursday's game against the Cubs.

Mack did the catching Wednesday night, so he'll get some rest during Thursday's matinee. Brian Navarreto will handle the catching duties for the Marlins.

Kyle Stowers 1B,OF • MIA
Marlins' Kyle Stowers: Sitting out versus left-hander
by RotoWire
(1 hr ago) Stowers is absent from the lineup for Thursday's contest versus the Cubs.

Stowers homered in each of the first two games of the series, but he'll retreat to the bench for Thursday's finale. Deyvison De Los Santos will cover first base, and Agustin Ramirez will slot in at designated hitter as the Marlins go for the sweep.

Xavier Edwards 2B,SS • MIA
Marlins' Xavier Edwards: Remains out of lineup
by RotoWire
(1 hr ago) Edwards (thumb) remains out of the lineup for Thursday's contest versus the Cubs.

It marks the fourth consecutive absence for Edwards, who is recovering from left thumb discomfort. It's an aggravation of an injury that caused him to miss the first couple weeks of September, so it's no guarantee Edwards will come back to play this season. Jared Serna will cover second back for the Marlins on Thursday.

More Player News