source: https://buecker.baseball.cbssports.com/players/all-player-updates
captured: 2026-09-03T22:13:26
---
Sandy Alcantara P • MIA
Marlins' Sandy Alcantara: Continues to provide length
by RotoWire
(17 mins ago) Alcantara (13-9) took the loss against the Royals on Thursday, allowing four runs on six hits and one walk in six innings. He struck out two.

Kansas City made its mark in the third and fifth innings, bringing across a pair of runs in each frame to cost Alcantara a quality start. The workhorse right-hander continues deliver plenty of length for the Marlins, pitching at least six innings in 12 consecutive starts now. He'll take a steady 3.54 ERA, 1.19 WHIP and 142:51 K:BB over an MLB-high 195.2 innings into his next scheduled outing versus the division-rival Mets.

Michael Wacha P • KC
Royals' Michael Wacha: Fans seven in ninth win
by RotoWire
(26 mins ago) Wacha (9-8) notched the win against the Marlins on Thursday, allowing three runs on six hits and two walks in six innings. He struck out seven.

The veteran right-hander continued his reliable ways Thursday, logging his third straight quality start and eighth in his last nine. Wacha has been a stabilizing presence in Kansas City's banged-up rotation, surrendering more than four runs on just three occasions in 28 starts. He'll carry a solid 3.36 ERA, 1.10 WHIP and 143:44 K:BB over 176.2 innings into his next scheduled outing versus Arizona.

Aroldis Chapman P • BOS
Red Sox's Aroldis Chapman: Holds on for 31st save
by RotoWire
(46 mins ago) Chapman secured the save Thursday against Baltimore, allowing two runs on two hits and no walks in the ninth inning. He struck out two.

The Orioles made things very interesting after Christian Encarnacion-Strand launched a two-run home run, but Chapman hung on for the save in a shaky outing. It was the first time the All-Star closer conceded multiple earned runs since being unable to record an out June 22 in Colorado. He has a 2.12 ERA, 1.16 WHIP, 62:20 K:BB and 31 saves in 33 chances over 46.2 innings.

Adley Rutschman C • BOS
Red Sox's Adley Rutschman: Makes splash in return to Baltimore
by RotoWire
(52 mins ago) Rutschman went 2-for-4 with a pair of solo home runs and an additional run scored in Thursday's 6-5 win over Baltimore.

Returning to Camden Yards for the first time since being traded to Boston, Rutschman recorded his first multi-homer game as a member of the Red Sox and second of 2026. The switch-hitting backstop also returned to the starting lineup after missing each of Boston's last three contests due to a nagging elbow injury, looking no worse for wear in the process. Through 63 trips to the plate with his new team, Rutschman is still slashing just .193/.270/.368 with three long balls, one double, six RBI and eight runs scored.

Brandon Young P • BAL
Orioles' Brandon Young: Steady campaign continues
by RotoWire
(57 mins ago) Young took a no-decision against the Red Sox on Thursday, allowing three runs on four hits and two walks in 6.2 innings. He struck out seven.

The right-hander was one out away from a second consecutive seven-inning start, but Isiah Kiner-Falefa singled on a ground ball to tie up the game and send Young to the dugout. Young has been a dependable back-end starter for the Orioles throughout 2026, yielding more than three earned runs just four times in 24 starts. He'll bring a 3.42 ERA, 1.31 WHIP and 110:48 K:BB over 137 innings into his next scheduled outing versus Cleveland.

Jake Bennett P • BOS
Red Sox's Jake Bennett: Locks in for quality start
by RotoWire
(1 hr ago) Bennett took a no-decision against the Orioles on Thursday, allowing three runs on five hits and no walks in six innings. He struck out seven.

After serving up back-to-back solo home runs to begin the fourth inning, Bennett responded by retiring all nine of the final batters he faced Thursday. Despite getting a quick hook -- the 68 pitches were his second fewest of 2026 -- the southpaw went deep enough for his third consecutive quality start. He's set to take a strong 3.34 ERA, 1.02 WHIP and 81:18 K:BB over 99.2 innings into a favorable home matchup versus the Angels.

Kyle Stowers 1B,OF • MIA
Marlins' Kyle Stowers: Dealing with hamstring injury
by RotoWire
(1 hr ago) Stowers exited Thursday's contest against the Royals with left hamstring tightness, Christina De Nicola of MLB.com reports.

Stowers was hit by a pitch in the top of the seventh frame, but he was ultimately removed in the eighth inning due to hamstring discomfort. The 28-year-old will likely undergo additional imaging, and an additional update on his status moving forward will be provided thereafter.

Pete Crow-Armstrong OF • CHC
Cubs' Pete Crow-Armstrong: Provides offense in key win
by RotoWire
(1 hr ago) Crow-Armstrong went 1-for-4 with a two-run home run in Thursday's 2-1 win over the Brewers.

Crow-Armstrong went deep against Milwaukee starter Logan Henderson with a runner on in the third inning, and it was all the offense the Cubs would need to secure a series split with their division rivals. The young outfielder came into the night with just a .322 OPS against the Brewers this year with no home runs, but he's been dynamite overall. Crow-Armstrong is now one long ball shy of his first career 40-homer campaign, and he's tacked on 32 stolen bases as well, making him a well-rounded fantasy star.

Kyle Stowers 1B,OF • MIA
Marlins' Kyle Stowers: Exits early Thursday
by RotoWire
(1 hr ago) Stowers (foot) was removed from Thursday night's contest against the Royals in the eighth inning, Christina De Nicola of MLB.com reports.

Stowers took a 93.2 mph fastball from Craig Kimbrel off his left foot with two outs in the top of the seventh frame, and he ultimately remained in the contest. The first baseman was later replaced by Deyvison De Los Santos in field with no outs and a runner at second base in the bottom of the eighth. More information on the status of Stowers will likely come following the conclusion of the game.

Kevin Gausman P • CHC
Cubs' Kevin Gausman: Outduels Henderson in ninth win
by RotoWire
(1 hr ago) Gausman (9-11) earned the win against the Brewers on Thursday, allowing one run on five hits and one walk in seven innings. He struck out nine.

Gausman outdueled Logan Henderson on Thursday, authoring one of his finest efforts as a member of the Cubs. The right-hander registered his most strikeouts in a Chicago uniform, giving up one run or zero for the second time in six starts with his new club. He'll try to build more momentum his next time out in a road rematch with Milwaukee, holding a 4.37 ERA, 1.14 WHIP and 38:8 K:BB in 35 innings since being traded from Toronto.

More Player News