source: https://buecker.baseball.cbssports.com/players/all-player-updates
captured: 2026-09-23T15:46:23
---
Trey Gibson P • BAL
Orioles' Trey Gibson: Starting nightcap Wednesday
by RotoWire
(10 mins ago) Gibson will be recalled from Triple-A Norfolk to start the second game of Wednesday's doubleheader against the Blue Jays, Matt Weyrich of The Baltimore Sun.

The move is not yet official, and lineups for Game 2 are still pending, but Gibson might face a slightly lesser Toronto lineup after the Blue Jays were officially eliminated from playoff contention with a loss in the matinee. Gibson should nonetheless be considered a high-risk option given his mediocre numbers both in the majors (7.61 ERA, 1.91 WHIP) and at Norfolk (4.32 ERA, 1.42 WHIP) this season.

Spencer Steer 1B,OF • CIN
Reds' Spencer Steer: Set for wrist surgery next week
by RotoWire
(11 mins ago) Steer will undergo right wrist surgery next Wednesday, Gordon Wittenmyer of the Cincinnati Enquirer reports.

Steer has missed most of the second half with a partial tear of the tendon sheath in his wrist. He tried rehabbing the injury and was ramping up baseball activities lately, but ultimately the 28-year-old was unable to avoid surgery. Steer is expected to be 100 percent recovered in time for the start of spring training.

Shawn Armstrong P • CLE
Guardians' Shawn Armstrong: Reinstated from 60-day IL
by RotoWire
(17 mins ago) The Guardians reinstated Armstrong (calf) from the 60-day injured list Wednesday.

Armstrong landed on the 15-day IL with a left calf strain in late July and was later transferred to the 60-day IL. He has now been cleared to return after making four rehab appearances at Triple-A, though Armstrong figures to be eased back in with some low-leverage innings to close the campaign. The veteran righty has regressed in a major way, posting a 4.91 ERA and 1.45 WHIP so far this year after putting up a 2.31 ERA and 0.81 WHIP last regular season.

Jesus Luzardo P • PHI
Phillies' Jesus Luzardo: Expected to throw off mound soon
by RotoWire
(19 mins ago) Luzardo (shoulder) played catch Wednesday for the fourth day in a row and is expected to throw off a mound as soon as Thursday, Matt Gelb of The Athletic reports.

Luzardo was placed on the 15-day injured list just last week with inflammation in his pitching shoulder, but his shoulder responded well to rest and the left-hander is nearly ready to test things out from the bump. If Luzardo is ready to pitch during the wild-card round, it could be in a relief role.

Connor Brogdon P • CLE
Guardians' Connor Brogdon: Bumped from 40-man roster
by RotoWire
(26 mins ago) The Guardians designated Brogdon for assignment Wednesday.

A 40-man spot was needed for the return of Shawn Armstrong (calf) from the 60-day IL, and Brogdon is the odd man out. Brogdon made a lone appearance during his latest stint with the big club, throwing a scoreless two-thirds of an inning back on Sept. 14. The right-hander has put up a 5.06 ERA, 1.12 WHIP and 15:3 K:BB in 16 major-league appearances (16 innings) this season.

Cooper Pratt SS • MIL
Brewers' Cooper Pratt: Taking seat Wednesday
by RotoWire
(26 mins ago) Pratt is absent from the lineup for Wednesday's tilt in Philadelphia.

After starting each of the previous four contests, Pratt will retreat to the bench for Wednesday's game. It will be Joey Ortiz handling shortstop for the Brewers in Pratt's stead.

Luis Lara OF • MIL
Brewers' Luis Lara: Exiting starting lineup
by RotoWire
(28 mins ago) Lara is not in the lineup for Wednesday's game in Philadelphia.

Lara started in right field in the first game of the series Tuesday, but he'll take a seat Wednesday for the second time in the last three contests. Sal Frelick will patrol right field and will bat eighth for the Brewers.

Joseph Ortiz 3B,SS • MIL
Brewers' Joey Ortiz: Back in lineup for Brewers
by RotoWire
(31 mins ago) Ortiz (abdomen) will start at shortstop and bat sixth in Wednesday's game versus the Phillies.

Ortiz has been nursing an abdominal strain which kept him out of the lineup Tuesday, but he's back in there after one day of rest. David Hamilton will cover third base, and Cooper Pratt will retreat to the bench for the Brewers on Wednesday.

Tristan Peters OF • CHW
White Sox's Tristan Peters: Back in starting lineup
by RotoWire
(32 mins ago) Peters (shoulder) will start in center field and bat sixth Wednesday against the Royals.

Peters missed three consecutive starts after crashing into the outfield wall last Friday and suffering a left shoulder/rib contusion, though he appeared off the bench in two of those games. The first-time All-Star is slashing .220/.339/.340 without a home run in September.

Colin Holderman P • CLE
Guardians' Colin Holderman: Receives wrist injection
by RotoWire
(38 mins ago) Holderman received an injection in his right wrist Saturday, Tim Stebbins of MLB.com reports.

The right-hander departed his first rehab appearance with Triple-A Columbus on Thursday after aggravating his wrist injury, and he was set to resume throwing Monday after getting the injection. Holderman seems unlikely to rejoin the big-league bullpen during the final week of the regular season following the setback, but it's possible he's good to go next week for the start of the playoffs.

More Player News