source: https://buecker.baseball.cbssports.com/players/all-player-updates
captured: 2026-08-10T08:00:26
---
Eli White OF • BOS
Red Sox's Eli White: Fills in at right field
by RotoWire
(40 mins ago) White started in right field and went 3-for-4 with a double, an RBI and a run scored in Sunday's 4-3 loss to the Athletics.

White made a second consecutive start in right field, as Wilyer Abreu operated as the designated hitter Sunday following a day off Saturday due to lower-leg soreness. White was acquired from Atlanta at the trade deadline and will fill in where needed in the outfield. Since joining Boston, he's appeared in six games (two starts) and gone 3-for-11 with a walk, an RBI and three runs.

Wilyer Abreu OF • BOS
Red Sox's Wilyer Abreu: Returns Sunday
by RotoWire
(45 mins ago) Abreu started at designated hitter and went 0-for-2 with a walk and an RBI in Sunday's 4-3 loss to the Athletics.

Abreu, who was held out of Saturday's lineup with lower-leg soreness, was back in action Sunday but did not play the field. His fifth-inning sacrifice fly gave Boston a 3-2 lead before the A's came back late. It was the sixth consecutive game with an RBI for Abreu, who was delivered 10 runs during that stretch. The two-time Gold Glove winning outfielder was replaced in the right field by Eli White the last two games.

Brandon Nimmo OF • TEX
Rangers' Brandon Nimmo: Homers in loss
by RotoWire
(56 mins ago) Nimmo went 1-for-4 with a three-run home run in Sunday's 10-5 loss to the Orioles.

The Rangers were chasing early, down 5-0 after two innings, when Nimmo narrowed the deficit to two with a homer off Cade Povich. It was the 13th homer of the season and third this month for Nimmo, who is enjoying a productive beginning of August. The outfielder is 12-for-29 (.414) with three home runs, seven RBI, one steal and five runs scored over eight August games.

Craig Yoho P • CLE
Guardians' Craig Yoho: Taken deep in loss
by RotoWire
(1 hr ago) Yoho (2-1) was tagged with the loss to the White Sox on Sunday, when he allowed four runs on two hits and four walks over a third of an inning.

Yoho was one of several relievers to pitch Sunday, when starter Joey Cantillo was removed after one inning following a significant rain delay. Things did not go well for the reliever, who entered in the third inning with two outs and no runners on base. The right-hander allowed a walk, a double and another walk before Colson Montgomery took him deep for a three-run home run. Yoho was a trade-deadline acquisition and in position for high-leverage work in the Guardians' bullpen, but he's allowed seven runs on five hits (two HRs) and four walks in consecutive outings (1.1 innings).

Jose Ramirez 3B • CLE
Guardians' Jose Ramirez: Returns to lineup Sunday
by RotoWire
(1 hr ago) Ramirez went 2-for-3 with a walk, a stolen base and an RBI in Sunday's 5-3 loss to the White Sox.

Ramirez returned to the lineup after getting Saturday off and made an immediate impact with a run-scoring single in Cleveland's two-run first inning. A sore hand caused him to miss two games in the middle of last week, and there was concern the soreness was related to the surgery he underwent on the same hand in June and led to Saturday's day off. Since returning from the orignal hand injury, Ramirez has gone 12-for-52 (.231) with eight walks, five steals, three RBI and 10 runs scored over 15 contests.

Spencer Steer 1B,OF • CIN
Reds' Spencer Steer: On verge of mobility exercises
by RotoWire
(1 hr ago) Steer (wrist) is scheduled to have a splint removed from his right wrist Monday, MLB.com reports.

Once the split is gone, Steer can begin mobility exercises with his hand and wrist. He'll be re-evaluated soon after to determine where the wrist is at in the healing process. Steer could rejoin the team in September.

Jordan Lawlar 3B • ARI
Diamondbacks' Jordan Lawlar: Sticking at Amarillo
by RotoWire
(1 hr ago) Lawlar (hamstring) will continue to rehab at Double-A Amarillo, MLB.com reports.

There was thought that Lawlar's rehab assignment could move to Triple-A Reno, but the organization will keep him at Amarillo for now. He's appearaed in five rehab games for the Sod Poodles, going 3-for-19 with nine strikeouts, two steals and two runs scored.

Alec Burleson 1B,OF • STL
Cardinals' Alec Burleson: Launches 19th home run
by RotoWire
(6 hrs ago) Burleson went 1-for-4 with a solo home run, a walk and an additional run scored in Sunday's 7-4 win over the Rockies.

Burleson led off the fifth inning by jumping on the first pitch he saw from Michael Lorenzen for his 19th home run of the season, surpassing his total from a season ago. The outfielder has now gone deep four times through eight August games, though his previous three all came during his offensive explosion against the Yankees on August 3. Burleson continues to put together a strong campaign, slashing .283/.349/.478 with 28 doubles, one triple, 78 RBI, 63 runs scored and three stolen bases across 117 games.

Hunter Goodman C • COL
Rockies' Hunter Goodman: Launches 34th home run
by RotoWire
(6 hrs ago) Goodman went 2-for-4 with a home run and two RBI in Sunday's 7-4 loss to the Cardinals.

Goodman opened the scoring with an RBI single in the first inning before coming through again in the eighth, taking George Soriano deep for a game-tying solo homer. Goodman has continued to provide plenty of power since the All-Star break, batting .254 with seven home runs and 18 RBI across 18 games. Through 108 contests this season, he's batting .254, while his 34 homers trail only Yordan Alvarez and Kyle Schwarber (35) for the MLB lead.

Colton Cowser OF • BAL
Orioles' Colton Cowser: Delivers homer in win
by RotoWire
(7 hrs ago) Cowser went 2-for-4 with a home run, a walk and two RBI in Sunday's 10-5 win over the Rangers.

Cowser added to Baltimore's early lead by taking Kumar Rocker deep for a solo homer in the second inning, giving him nine home runs on the season. He later drew a bases-loaded walk in the ninth to secure his first multi-RBI performance since June 21. Cowser had struggled mightily over the past month entering Sunday, batting just .121 across his previous 29 games with only one RBI.

More Player News