source: https://buecker.baseball.cbssports.com/players/all-player-updates
captured: 2026-08-04T18:28:04
---
Chuckie Robinson C • LAD
Dodgers' Chuckie Robinson: Cut loose from 40-man roster
by RotoWire
(1 hr ago) The Dodgers designated Robinson for assignment Tuesday.

The Dodgers acquired Hunter Feduccia and Ben Rortvedt through trades Monday to serve as replacements for Robinson and Eliezer Alfonzo on the active roster. Robinson was up with the Dodgers for just a day as a temporary depth piece due to Dalton Rushing (elbow) hitting the 10-day injured list Monday.

Chase Solesky P • TB
Rays' Chase Solesky: Dropped from 40-man roster
by RotoWire
(2 hrs ago) The Rays designated Solesky for assignment Monday.

Solesky ended up losing his spot on the 40-man roster after the Rays needed to clear room for trade-deadline pickup Tyler Wells. The 28-year-old righty made a three-inning relief appearance in his MLB debut for the Rays back in May but has pitched exclusively at Triple-A Durham ever since. Over 24 appearances (seven starts) at Durham, Solesky owns a 7.03 ERA, 1.71 WHIP and 54:22 K:BB in 56.1 innings.

Ben Rortvedt C • LAD
Dodgers' Ben Rortvedt: Contract selected
by RotoWire
(2 hrs ago) The Dodgers selected Rortvedt's contract from Triple-A Oklahoma City on Tuesday.

The Dodgers traded for Rortvedt shortly before the trade deadline Monday, and with Dalton Rushing (arm) and Will Smith (neck) both on the injured list, Rortvedt figures to make a few starts in the majors to begin his tenure with his new organization. With fellow backstop Hunter Feduccia also joining the team, Eliezer Alfonzo was optioned to Triple-A, and Chuckie Robinson was designated for assignment.

Agustin Ramirez C • MIA
Marlins' Agustin Ramirez: Officially recalled
by RotoWire
(2 hrs ago) The Marlins recalled Ramirez from Triple-A Jacksonville on Tuesday.

The 24-year-old is back in the majors after a two-month at the Triple-A level. He's filling the roster spot vacated by Liam Hicks, who was traded to the Rays on Monday. Ramirez should see occasional starts behind the plate and will also start getting some reps at first base, per Kevin Barral of FishonFirst.com. Joe Mack will continue to operate as Miami's primary catcher.

Eliezer Alfonzo C • LAD
Dodgers' Eliezer Alfonzo: Optioned to OKC
by RotoWire
(2 hrs ago) The Dodgers optioned Alfonzo to Triple-A Oklahoma City on Tuesday.

Alfonzo and Chuckie Robinson will be replaced on the Dodgers' active roster by new acquisitions Hunter Feduccia and Ben Rortvedt. Alfonzo went just 5-for-27 during his time with Los Angeles and is likely to spend the rest of the season as a depth piece at Oklahoma City.

Connor Thomas P • KC
Royals' Connor Thomas: Goes to Royals via waivers
by RotoWire
(2 hrs ago) The Royals claimed Thomas off waivers from the Athletics on Tuesday and optioned him to Triple-A Omaha.

Thomas did not throw a pitch for the Athletics after being claimed off waivers last week, and he's now on the move again. The left-hander has been tagged for a whopping 27 runs over 11.2 innings covering four career major-league outings.

Kendry Rojas P • MIN
Twins' Kendry Rojas: Returns to Triple-A
by RotoWire
(2 hrs ago) The Twins optioned Rojas to Triple-A St. Paul on Tuesday.

The left-hander last pitched Sunday in Seattle and surrendered three earned runs over one inning. Rojas and his 3.34 ERA over 29.2 innings this season are returning to Triple-A to make room on the big-league roster for trade-acquisition Jeff Hoffman.

Kyle Backhus P • PHI
Phillies' Kyle Backhus: Demoted to minors
by RotoWire
(2 hrs ago) The Phillies optioned Backhus to Triple-A Lehigh Valley on Tuesday, Todd Zolecki of MLB.com reports.

The Phillies traded for fellow lefty reliever Brooks Raley on Monday, which has pushed Backhus off the active roster. Backhus has logged a 4.95 ERA and 20:6 K:BB over 20 innings with Philadelphia this season.

Andrew Pinckney OF • WAS
Nationals' Andrew Pinckney: Contract selected
by RotoWire
(2 hrs ago) The Nationals selected Pinckney's contract from Triple-A Rochester on Tuesday, Danielle Allentuck of The Washington Post reports.

The 25-year-old will get his first look in the big leagues while James Wood (oblique) heads to the injured list. Pinckney has a .271/.345/.425 slash line with 13 homers and 18 steals in 94 games at Rochester this season.

Noah Murdock P • PIT
Pirates' Noah Murdock: Optioned to Indianapolis
by RotoWire
(2 hrs ago) The Pirates optioned Murdock to Triple-A Indianapolis on Tuesday.

Murdock made two appearances for the Pirates after getting recalled July 29. He pitched a total of three complete innings and allowed no runs on three hits and a 4:3 K:BB. He's getting sent down to help make room for Lake Bachar, Luke Weaver and Kirby Yates, who were all acquired in trades Monday. Brandon Eisert was also optioned to Triple-A Indianapolis on Tuesday.

More Player News