source: https://buecker.baseball.cbssports.com/players/all-player-updates
captured: 2026-08-24T09:36:30
---
Kyle Isbel OF • KC
Royals' Kyle Isbel: Drives in three runs Sunday
by RotoWire
(20 mins ago) Isbel went 2-for-4 with three RBI, two runs scored and a steal in Sunday's 11-7 win over the Tigers.

Isbel got in on the offensive slugfest, recording a season-high three RBI with a pair of singles. It was a productive homestand for the center fielder, as he went 7-for-21 (.333) with two homers, eight RBI, six runs and a stolen base across six games. Overall, Isbel is hitting .241/.288/.370 with six homers, 23 RBI, 25 runs and six stolen bases in 73 contests.

John Rave OF • KC
Royals' John Rave: Active in Sunday's win
by RotoWire
(25 mins ago) Rave went 2-for-3 with a two-run home run, two additional runs scored, two steals and a walk in Sunday's 11-7 win over the Tigers.

Rave was a notable contributor in the win, blasting a two-run homer in the fifth inning and swiping two bags for the first time in his career. On the year, the 28-year-old is hitting .215/.282/.462 with three homers, seven RBI, 13 runs and four stolen bases across 73 big-league plate appearances. Should Jac Caglianone (ankle) remain sidelined and require a stint on the injured list, Rave figures to see an uptick in playing time in right field.

Quinn Mathews P • STL
Cardinals' Quinn Mathews: Staying in rotation indefinitely
by RotoWire
(54 mins ago) Cardinals manager Oliver Marmol said Sunday that Mathews will remain in the team's rotation for the foreseeable future, Derrick Goold of the St. Louis Post-Dispatch reports.

The wheels had already been in motion for Mathews to get a long look at the big-league level, and he's now also needed out of necessity following the injuries to Andre Pallante (elbow) and Hunter Dobbins (forearm). Mathews is coming off easily the worst of his three major-league starts, having been roughed up for seven runs on 10 hits and one walk with three strikeouts over five innings versus the Phillies. The southpaw is set to make his home debut this weekend against the Pirates.

Masyn Winn SS • STL
Cardinals' Masyn Winn: Scheduled for MRI, CT scan on thumb
by RotoWire
(1 hr ago) Winn was slated to undergo a CT scan and an MRI on his injured left thumb Sunday night, Derrick Goold of the St. Louis Post-Dispatch reports.

Winn injured list thumb while sliding into second base during Tuesday's game in Cincinnati. He attempted to play through discomfort Wednesday, but since then has been held out of the Cardinals' lineup for four straight contests. Winn is hopeful of returning to action Tuesday against the Orioles following a team off day Monday, but more will be known about his status after the imaging results are in. If Winn is forced to miss additional time, the Cardinals will likely continue to have JJ Wetherholt play shortstop while mixing and matching at second base.

Corbin Carroll OF • ARI
Diamondbacks' Corbin Carroll: Extends on-base streak
by RotoWire
(1 hr ago) Carroll went 2-for-3 with one double, one triple, one RBI and one run scored in Sunday's 5-3 win over Cincinnati.

Carroll delivered the insurance run with a sacrifice fly as part of Arizona's four-run seventh inning. Earlier in the game, he extended an on-base streak to 14 contests, during which he's slashed .340/.452/.720 with five doubles, four triples, two home runs, five RBI, nine walks, two steals and 11 runs scored. Carroll, who experienced a slump coming out of the All-Star break (15-for-76, .197 over 19 games), looks ready to carry the Diamondbacks in their quest for a playoff spot.

Nelson Velazquez OF • HOU
Astros' Nelson Velazquez: Sent outright to Triple-A
by RotoWire
(1 hr ago) The Astros outrighted Velazquez to Triple-A Sugar Land on Sunday.

Velazquez has been outrighted before, giving him the right decline the Astros' outright assignment if he wants. If the 27-year-old stick around, he will provide additional outfield depth at Sugar Land. Velazquez has slashed .205/.273/.410 with four home runs across 37 games in the majors this season between the Cardinals and Astros.

Danny Young P • ATL
Braves' Danny Young: Outrighted to Triple-A
by RotoWire
(1 hr ago) Atlanta outrighted Young to Triple-A Gwinnett on Sunday.

Having been outrighted previously, Young has the ability to decline the assignment and become a free agent. If he sticks around, he will give Atlanta additional lefty relief depth at Gwinnett. Young returned from Tommy John surgery around midseason this year and allowed 11 runs with a 15:13 K:BB over 12.1 innings.

Albert Suarez P • BAL
Orioles' Albert Suarez: Clears waivers
by RotoWire
(1 hr ago) The Orioles outrighted Suarez to Triple-A Norfolk on Sunday.

Suarez has the ability to elect free agency rather than accepting the outright assignment, but it's unclear what the hurler's plans are. The righty has logged a 3.93 ERA, 1.26 WHIP and 38:19 K:BB across 55 innings during his time in Baltimore this season.

Ildemaro Vargas 1B,2B • ARI
Diamondbacks' Ildemaro Vargas: Key contributor in win
by RotoWire
(1 hr ago) Vargas went 2-for-4 with one double, one triple, two RBI and one run scored in Sunday's 5-3 win over the Reds.

Vargas ripped a two-run triple as part of Arizona's four-run seventh inning, knocking in the tying and go-ahead runs. He then came in to score the insurance run on a sacrifice fly. Vargas started a sixth consecutive game at second base, filling in for the injured Ketel Marte (knee), who began baseball activities last week and is expected to begin hitting this week.

Isiah Kiner-Falefa 2B,3B,SS • BOS
Red Sox's Isiah Kiner-Falefa: On verge of return
by RotoWire
(1 hr ago) Kiner-Falefa (forearm) could be activated during Boston's series in Miami which begins Monday, Ian Browne of MLB.com reports.

Kiner-Falefa, who has been on the injured list since June 19 with a stress reaction in his right forearm, spent last week on a rehab assignment at Triple-A Worcester. The utility infielder went 1-for-13 over four games for the WooSox. Kiner-Falefa is expected to step back into a utility role, as teammate Trevor Story (sports hernia) could also come off the injured list during the Marlins series and reclaim the starting job at shortstop. Second base is also an option for Kiner-Falefa, but the red-hot Nick Sogard (11-for-22, two HR, four doubles, four RBI, six walks, eight runs) is having a moment.

More Player News