source: https://buecker.baseball.cbssports.com/players/all-player-updates
captured: 2026-09-26T22:38:34
---
Zack Wheeler P • PHI
Phillies' Zack Wheeler: Toeing the rubber Sunday
by RotoWire
(6 mins ago) Wheeler will be the Phillies' starter for Sunday's regular-season finale against the Rays, Mark Bowman of MLB.com reports.

The Phillies were unable to clinch a wild-card spot for the playoffs following Saturday's loss to the Rays. As a result, Wheeler will take to the mound for Sunday's regular-season finale, meaning that he wouldn't be available to pitch in the playoffs until Game 3 of the Wild Card Series, if Philadelphia qualifies. Jesus Luzardo (shoulder) is also expected to be activated from the 15-day IL ahead of Sunday's game and be available out of the bullpen.

Jesus Luzardo P • PHI
Phillies' Jesus Luzardo: Will be available Sunday
by RotoWire
(12 mins ago) Phillies manager Don Mattingly said after Saturday's loss to the Rays that Luzardo (shoulder) will be activated from the 15-day injured list ahead of Sunday's regular-season finale, Matt Gelb of The Athletic reports.

Luzardo will be available out of the bullpen for Sunday's contest as the Phillies look to clinch a spot in the National League playoffs. The veteran southpaw landed on the 15-day injured list Sept. 12 due to left shoulder inflammation and recently resumed mound work, so he figures to only be called upon in a high-leverage situation.

Kade Anderson P • SEA
Mariners' Kade Anderson: Diagnosed with forearm bruise
by RotoWire
(26 mins ago) Anderson left Saturday's game against the Angels due to a left forearm bruise.

Anderson was quickly pulled from Saturday's start after taking a comebacker off his pitching arm in the fourth inning. It appears the 22-year-old southpaw has avoided a serious injury, a good sign for him and the Mariners heading into the offseason. Anderson made his major-league debut Aug. 22, and across seven big-league starts he posted a 3.79 ERA and 1.23 WHIP across 35.2 innings.

Parker Messick P • CLE
Guardians' Parker Messick: Will start Sunday vs. Kansas City
by RotoWire
(32 mins ago) Messick will be the Guardians' starter for Sunday's regular-season finale against the Royals, Tim Stebbins of MLB.com reports.

The Guardians secured the AL Central division Saturday -- and the No. 2 seed in the AL playoffs -- following their win over Kansas City and the White Sox's loss to the Rockies. Still, the Guardians will have Messick toe the rubber Sunday, though it will likely be an abbreviated outing for the 25-year-old southpaw.

Andrew Benintendi OF • CHW
White Sox's Andrew Benintendi: Hits late pinch hit homer
by RotoWire
(44 mins ago) Benintendi went 1-for-2 with a walk and a three-run home run during the White Sox's 9-6 loss to the Rockies on Saturday.

Benintendi replaced Tommy Pham in the fifth inning, and the former gave the White Sox a glimmer of hope of a comeback after cracking a three-run homer to right field in the ninth inning. It was the 15th home run of the season for Benintendi and first since Aug. 29 against the Twins. He has a .715 OPS with one steal and 78 RBI across 468 plate appearances this season.

Kade Anderson P • SEA
Mariners' Kade Anderson: Pulled quickly after taking comebacker
by RotoWire
(47 mins ago) Anderson was removed from Saturday's start against the Angels due to a left elbow injury, Daniel Kramer of MLB.com reports.

Anderson took a 103.8 mph comebacker from Christian Moore in the fourth inning, and the former was promptly removed from the game after talking with trainers. Kramer notes that Anderson has stayed in the dugout rather than going to the clubhouse for further evaluation, so the move to remove the 22-year-old southpaw appears to have been a precautionary decision, especially with the Mariners eliminated from playoff contention. Michael Rucker was brought out from the bullpen following Anderson's exit.

Davis Martin P • CHW
White Sox's Davis Martin: Records just two outs in Saturday's start
by RotoWire
(53 mins ago) Martin (9-8) took the loss against the Rockies on Saturday, allowing two runs on three hits and one walk while striking out one batter in two-thirds of an inning.

It wasn't the start that the White Sox were hoping out of Martin, as the team saw its hopes of winning the AL Central snuffed out with Saturday's loss combined with the Guardians' 11-5 win over the Royals. Martin allowed four batters on base while tossing only 25 pitches before being pulled, though James Fegan of the Chicago Sun-Times notes that the right-hander's previous start against the Tigers this past Sunday was cut short due to right calf discomfort. That's worth monitoring heading into the playoffs, and a potential calf issue could limit or even prevent Martin from pitching in the wild-card round. He'll end the 2026 regular season with a 3.95 ERA, 1.32 WHIP and a 122:46 K:BB over 146 innings, with both his strikeouts and innings pitched being career highs.

Jose Quintana P • COL
Rockies' Jose Quintana: Lasts only three innings Saturday
by RotoWire
(1 hr ago) Quintana allowed two runs on two hits and two walks while striking out three across three innings in a no-decision against the White Sox on Saturday.

Both of the home runs Quintana gave up came on solo homers by Brenton Doyle and Luisangel Acuna in the second and third frames, respectively. Quintana ran his pitch count up to 59 with 34 strikes and five whiffs, prompting Colorado to turn the keys to Ryan Feltner for the start of the fourth frame. It was still encouraging to see Quintana on the mound for the tail end of the 2026 regular season, seeing as he was sidelined by a sprained left for nearly four months. He'll end the 2026 regular season with a 5.44 ERA and 1.50 WHIP across 48 innings.

Bobby Witt SS • KC
Royals' Bobby Witt: Reaches 45 steals in loss
by RotoWire
(1 hr ago) Witt went 2-for-4 with two runs scored and a stolen base in Saturday's 11-5 loss to the Guardians.

Witt stole second base and came around to score in the first inning before scoring another run in the eighth. The superstar has hit safely in each of his past eight contests, swiping three bags and crossing the plate 10 times in that span. For the year, he's slashing .283/.361/.444 with 18 homers, 54 RBI, 94 runs scored and 45 steals across 628 plate appearances.

Hunter Goodman C • COL
Rockies' Hunter Goodman: Crosses 40-homer threshold Saturday
by RotoWire
(1 hr ago) Goodman went 2-for-5 with two home runs and four RBI during the Rockies' 9-6 win over the White Sox on Saturday.

Goodman extended the Rockies' lead to three runs on two separate occasions, first with a solo homer in the third and again with a three-run long ball in the ninth, with the latter being the game-winning runs for Colorado. Those two home runs brought Goodman up to 41 for the season, making him the eighth player to belt 40-plus homers in the majors. He also has a .532 slugging percentage over 570 plate appearances, which is second-best in the National League among qualified hitters behind NL MVP frontrunner Pete Crow-Armstrong (.570).

More Player News