source: https://buecker.baseball.cbssports.com/players/all-player-updates
captured: 2026-09-18T23:46:16
---
Dedniel Nunez P • NYM
Mets' Dedniel Nunez: Records first save since 2024
by RotoWire
(56 mins ago) Nunez earned the save in Friday's 6-3 win over Philadelphia, tossing 1.1 scoreless frames.

Nunez was brought out of the bullpen with two outs in the eighth inning, and he needed only 11 pitches (seven strikes) to secure the win for the Mets. It was his first save of the season and second of his major-league career, with his first taking place during the 2024 season. Kodai Senga wasn't brought out for the save chance despite not having pitched since Tuesday, when he blew a save chance against the Orioles, so perhaps Nunez could get a couple more save chances before the 2026 campaign ends. Nunez has a 3.94 ERA and 1.06 WHIP across 16 innings this season.

Juan Soto OF • NYM
Mets' Juan Soto: Cracks three-run deep ball
by RotoWire
(1 hr ago) Soto went 3-for-5 with a double and a three-run home run during the Mets' 6-3 win over the Phillies on Friday.

With the game tied 3-3 in the sixth, Soto doubled the Mets' run total after belting a 428-foot, three-run home run to center field off Orion Kerkering. It was the fourth home run in September for Soto and 26th of the year. Given the time he missed this season due to two stints on the IL, the superstar outfielder would need a major power surge over the final week of the regular season in order to reach the 30-homer mark for a fourth consecutive year.

Zach Thornton P • NYM
Mets' Zac Thornton: Collects fifth win Friday
by RotoWire
(1 hr ago) Thornton (5-5) earned the win against the Phillies on Friday, allowing two runs on five hits and one walk while striking out four across six innings.

Thornton was handed an early three-run lead by his Mets teammates, and he proceeded to toss a quality start on only 87 pitches (59 strikes). The 24-year-old southpaw has given up two runs or less in four of his last five outings and now sits at a 3.40 ERA and 1.15 WHIP across 79.1 innings. Thornton made his major-league debut May 20 and has 13 big-league appearances under his belt. His next start, tentatively lined up for next week on the road against the Rangers, figures to be his final outing of the 2026 season.

Lourdes Gurriel OF • ARI
Lourdes Gurriel: Released by D-backs
by RotoWire
(1 hr ago) The Diamondbacks released Gurriel on Friday, Francys Romero of BeisbolFR.com reports.

Gurriel missed time this year with knee, hamstring and adductor injuries, and endured the worst season of his career while healthy, slashing just .210/.254/.290 across 201 plate appearances. No team was willing to claim him off waivers after he was DFA'd on Sunday, so the D-backs will cut ties with the 32-year-old and are now responsible for paying him a $5 million buyout for opting out of his $14 million club option for 2027. Gurriel shouldn't have much trouble landing his next opportunity now that he won't have a high price tag, though his poor performance may force him to settle for a minor-league deal.

Tim Mayza P • PHI
Phillies' Tim Mayza: Gives up three runs, takes loss as opener
by RotoWire
(1 hr ago) Mayza (3-4) was tagged with the loss against the Mets on Friday, allowing three runs on three hits and one walk in one-third of an inning.

Mayza was given the nod to serve as Friday's opener after having success in his last start against Atlanta this past Saturday, when he struck out four batters across three scoreless innings. He couldn't carry that form against the Mets, with the veteran southpaw allowing four of the first batters he faced on base while running his pitch count up to 32 (19 strikes). He was tagged for two more runs after being pulled, and his outing inflated his stats to a 3.46 ERA and 1.11 WHIP across 65 innings. Despite the poor outing, the Phillies may tap Mayza's shoulder to serve as an opener one more time before the end of the regular season in order to protect the rotation for the playoffs.

Edmundo Sosa 2B,3B,OF • PHI
Phillies' Edmundo Sosa: Logs three hits in Friday's loss
by RotoWire
(1 hr ago) Sosa went 3-for-3 with a double, a solo home run and an additional run scored during the Phillies' 6-3 loss to the Mets on Friday.

Sosa scored the Phillies' first run of the game on a Bryson Stott double in the second inning, and the latter cut the deficit to 3-2 with a solo homer in the sixth. It was Sosa's first home run since Aug. 30 and eighth homer of the year, which is three shy from his career high of 11 long balls that he recorded in 2025.

Mason Barnett P • ATH
Athletics' Mason Barnett: Yields three runs in no-decision
by RotoWire
(1 hr ago) Barnett did not factor into Friday's decision against Cleveland, allowing three runs on seven hits and four walks while striking out four across 3.1 innings.

Barnett was promoted from Triple-A Las Vegas ahead of Friday's start, his fifth of the season and 10th of his major-league career. He kept the Guardians off the board through the first three innings but proceeded to allow four of the first five batters he faced in the fourth on base, resulting in three runs scored for Cleveland. Barnett has allowed at least three earned runs in six of his last seven major-league outings, and he has a 7.16 ERA and 1.75 WHIP across 44 innings this season. Assuming he stays with the big club, Barnett is lined up to face the Astros at home next weekend.

Tristan Peters OF • CHW
White Sox's Tristan Peters: Dealing with bruised shoulder
by RotoWire
(1 hr ago) Peters was diagnosed with a left shoulder/rib contusion following his exit from Friday's game against Detroit.

Peters was pulled from the game in the fifth inning after crashing into the outfield wall, and although he initially appeared at risk of having suffered a head injury, most of the damage was instead done to his upper torso. The White Sox are considering him day-to-day for now, and Brenton Doyle would be the favorite to start in center field if Peters is unable to play Saturday.

Zack Gelof 2B,3B,OF • ATH
Athletics' Zack Gelof: Supplies A's lone runs Friday
by RotoWire
(1 hr ago) Gelof went 1-for-4 with a three-run home run during the Athletics' 5-3 loss to the Guardians on Friday.

Gelof put the A's up early, taking the second pitch he saw from Daniel Espino deep to center field for a three-run homer. It was Gelof's fifth home run over his last 15 games and 19th long ball of the season, needing only one more to register his first 20-homer season of his major-league career. Gelof has an .803 OPS with 11 RBI and four steals in September.

Cade Smith P • CLE
Guardians' Cade Smith: Fans two to secure save
by RotoWire
(1 hr ago) Smith earned the save in Friday's 5-3 win over the Athletics, striking out two batters in a scoreless ninth inning.

Smith breezed through Friday's outing, fanning the first two batters he faced while needing only 14 pitches (nine strikes) to come away with his third save in his last four outings and 38th of the year, which is second-most in the majors behind Bryan Baker (40). Smith is up to 100 strikeouts on the year, marking the third consecutive season in which he's cracked the century mark. He has a 2.06 ERA and 0.99 WHIP across 70 innings this season.

More Player News