source: https://buecker.baseball.cbssports.com/players/all-player-updates
captured: 2026-09-17T16:03:16
---
Jose Urquidy P • CHW
Phillies' Jose Urquidy: Will appear in Friday's game
by RotoWire
(7 mins ago) Urquidy will appear in Friday's game against the Mets, likely in a bulk relief role, Todd Zolecki of MLB.com reports.

Urquidy was claimed off waivers by the Phillies earlier Thursday, and he will be counted on to log some innings right away as Philadelphia tries to cover for the loss of Jesus Luzardo (shoulder). The 31-year-old Urquidy holds a 5.28 ERA and 21:7 K:BB across 29 innings covering one start and 10 relief appearances this season between the Pirates and White Sox.

Hao Yu Lee 2B,3B • DET
Tigers' Hao-Yu Lee: Exiting starting lineup
by RotoWire
(14 mins ago) Lee is absent from the lineup for Thursday's tilt against the White Sox.

Lee will grab a seat for Thursday's series opener after starting the previous five contests. Javier Baez will slot in at second base in Lee's stead.

Marcus Semien 2B • NYM
Mets' Marcus Semien: Riding pine Thursday
by RotoWire
(15 mins ago) Semien isn't in the lineup for Thursday's game against the Phillies, Anthony DiComo of MLB.com reports.

Semien has collected a base hit in each of his last six games and nine of his last 10, but the Mets will keep him on the bench to begin Thursday's contest while Brett Baty covers second base.

Elias Diaz C • TEX
Rangers' Elias Diaz: Out of Texas lineup
by RotoWire
(16 mins ago) Diaz is not in the lineup for Thursday's contest versus the Red Sox.

Diaz had started four straight games (two at catcher, two at designated hitter), but he'll begin Thursday's festivities on the bench. Danny Jansen will do the catching for the Rangers.

Cal Quantrill P • TEX
Rangers' Cal Quantrill: Ready for next turn in rotation
by RotoWire
(18 mins ago) Quantrill said Thursday that his back is fine and he will make his next scheduled start this weekend against the Blue Jays, Jeff Wilson of AllDLLS.com reports.

Quantrill pitched through some back tightness during his last outing Sunday versus the Diamondbacks, but it seems the back is no longer a concern. The Rangers have not yet announced when Quantrill will take the ball, but it will likely be Saturday. Quantrill has provided an unexpected boost to the Rangers' rotation, contributing a 1.82 ERA over his last nine starts.

Mason Barnett P • ATH
Athletics' Mason Barnett: Starting Friday
by RotoWire
(22 mins ago) The Athletics will recall Barnett from Triple-A Las Vegas to start Friday's game against the Guardians, Martin Gallegos of MLB.com reports.

Barnett owns a 7.08 ERA and 1.62 WHIP through 40.2 innings in the majors this season. He hasn't been much better in four starts since returning to the minors in mid-August (6.97 ERA, 1.84 WHIP), but the A's will bring him back onto the active roster to fill the void in their rotation. He'll be welcomed back to the big leagues by a Guardians lineup that's been trending upward while posting a .748 OPS over its last 10 games.

Cameron Weston P • NYM
Mets' Cameron Weston: Joins big club
by RotoWire
(30 mins ago) The Mets recalled Weston from Triple-A Syracuse on Thursday.

Weston joined the Mets via waivers Sept. 3 and has since fired 4.1 scoreless innings while fanning eight batters across three appearances at Syracuse. He'll now get a chance to showcase his talents in the majors, replacing Xzavion Curry on the active roster.

Xzavion Curry P • NYM
Mets' Xzavion Curry: Dispatched to Syracuse
by RotoWire
(33 mins ago) The Mets optioned Curry to Triple-A Syracuse on Thursday.

Curry's first start in the majors this season didn't go well, as he served up four homers while allowing six earned runs in just three innings Wednesday against Baltimore. He'll now be sent back to the minors in favor of Cameron Weston, who will add to the Mets' bullpen depth.

Joc Pederson DH • TEX
Rangers' Joc Pederson: Out of Texas lineup
by RotoWire
(42 mins ago) Pederson (hand) is not in the lineup for Thursday's game against the Red Sox.

Pederson suffered a small fracture in his left hand when he was hit by a pitch Saturday. He hasn't played since then, but the Rangers are facing a righty in Sonny Gray for the first time during that span. Pederson is aiming to play through the injury, but clearly he's not feeling well enough to do so just yet. Josh Jung is slotting in at designated hitter for Texas on Thursday.

Jeffrey Springs P • ATH
Athletics' Jeffrey Springs: Takes 14th loss
by RotoWire
(42 mins ago) Springs (4-14) took the loss Thursday against the Rays, allowing six runs on five hits and two walks over 3.1 innings. He struck out four.

Things started off well for Springs, who held Tampa Bay scoreless through three innings. The fourth was a different story, however, as the left-hander gave up five runs on four hits, two walks and a hit batter in the frame. Coming into the day, Springs had allowed just two runs over 12 innings in his prior two outings. His ERA now sits at 6.18 across 28 starts (138.1 innings) this season with a 1.47 WHIP and 109:56 K:BB. He's currently in line to face the Angels at home his next time out.

More Player News