source: https://buecker.baseball.cbssports.com/players/all-player-updates
captured: 2026-08-18T21:20:30
---
Keider Montero P • DET
Tigers' Keider Montero: Yields three runs in fifth for loss
by RotoWire
(7 mins ago) Montero (9-8) took the loss against the Pirates on Tuesday, allowing three runs on four hits and one walk while striking out three across five innings.

Montero looked to be in complete control of Tuesday's game after retiring the first 12 batters he faced. That momentum quickly shifted in the fifth, when he opened the inning with a walk before yielding a two-run homer to Oneil Cruz. Montero gave up another run in the frame and didn't come back out for the sixth, ultimately taking the loss as his Tigers teammates provided little offense against Pirates right-hander Braxton Ashcraft. Montero will take a 3.30 ERA and 1.00 WHIP over 133.2 innings into his next start, slated for next week at home against the Rays in what projects to be a two-start week.

Mason Montgomery P • PIT
Pirates' Mason Montgomery: Fans two for fifth save of 2026
by RotoWire
(13 mins ago) Montgomery earned the save in Tuesday's 4-1 win over the Tigers, striking out two batters in a scoreless ninth inning.

Braxton Ashcraft took care of business through the first eight innings on just 80 pitches, but the Pirates turned to Montgomery to keep the team's lead safe. The first batter reached base safely on a throwing error, but Montgomery proceeded to strike out the next two hitters he faced before closing the game with a groundout. He's earned the save in three of his last five outings and has not yielded a run over his last eight appearances. Montgomery has a 3.47 ERA and 1.11 WHIP across 49.1 innings this season.

Oneil Cruz OF • PIT
Pirates' Oneil Cruz: Belts two-run homer in return
by RotoWire
(20 mins ago) Cruz went 1-for-3 with a two-run home run during the Pirates' 4-1 win over the Tigers on Tuesday.

Cruz was activated from the 60-day injured list Monday, but he had to wait until Tuesday to make his return to the lineup. He made an immediate impact in his return with a two-run long ball in the fifth to put the Pirates up for good. It's a great sign for Cruz, who had been working his way back from a fractured left hand that he suffered in early June. His return is a significant boost for a Pirates team attempting to make a late surge to reach the postseason.

Braxton Ashcraft P • PIT
Pirates' Braxton Ashcraft: Cruises to 13th win
by RotoWire
(31 mins ago) Ashcraft (13-5) came away with the win against the Tigers on Tuesday, allowing one run on five hits while striking out four across eight innings. He did not issue a walk.

Ashcraft set the tone Tuesday by retiring the first 10 batters he faced. He gave up a solo homer to Brett Callahan in the fifth, but that was the only blemish to Ashcraft's excellent night, with the latter tossing only 80 pitches (61 strikes) through eight innings while generating seven whiffs and 12 groundouts. It was a spectacular encore to his complete game this past Thursday against the Marlins, and Ashcraft sits at a 3.68 ERA and 1.08 WHIP over 149.1 innings this season. He's lined up to face the Padres on the road next week in what projects to be a two-start week for the 27-year-old right-hander.

A.J. Smith-Shawver P • ATL
Braves' AJ Smith-Shawver: Expected to stick in rotation
by RotoWire
(1 hr ago) Smith-Shawver is expected to remain in the Atlanta rotation beyond Wednesday's start against Minnesota, Gabe Burns of The Atlanta Journal-Constitution reports.

Smith-Shawver has been limited to one major-league start so far this season, as he missed extended time at the start of the year while completing his recovery from Tommy John surgery. However, he will return to a big-league mound Wednesday, and Atlanta will move to a six-man rotation for the time being to accommodate the 23-year-old right-hander. Smith-Shawver had been pitching brilliantly for Triple-A prior to his promotion Tuesday, allowing just two earned runs with a 23:6 K:BB over his last 19.1 innings spanning four starts for Gwinnett.

Shohei Ohtani (Batter) DH • LAD
Dodgers' Shohei Ohtani: Could be ready for live BP
by RotoWire
(2 hrs ago) Ohtani threw a scheduled bullpen session Tuesday which appeared to go well, Jack Harris of the California Post reports.

Ohtani threw another bullpen following his last session Friday. The 32-year-old said Friday his left knee did not bother him during that day's activity, and he gave manager Dave Roberts a thumbs up following his session Tuesday. Considering his recent progress, facing live hitters may be on the horizon.

Edwin Diaz P • LAD
Dodgers' Edwin Diaz: Diagnosed with neck inflammation
by RotoWire
(2 hrs ago) Dodgers manager Dave Roberts told reporters Tuesday that Diaz's placement on the 15-day injured list is due to neck inflammation, Jack Harris of the California Post reports.

Diaz will head back to Los Angeles to undergo further tests for his neck issue Wednesday, and the initial expectation is that the right-hander will return this season, per Jack Harris of the California Post. Diaz saw his fastball velocity bottom out at 93 mph during Monday's outing against the Rockies, when he allowed three runs on four hits in one inning. Tanner Scott figures to serve as the Dodgers' preferred closer for as long as Diaz is sidelined.

Tyler Soderstrom 1B,OF • ATH
Athletics' Tyler Soderstrom: Done for 2026
by RotoWire
(2 hrs ago) Soderstrom will undergo season-ending hip surgery Friday, Martin Gallegos of MLB.com reports.

Soderstrom landed on the 10-day injured list Sunday due to a left hip impingement, after after further consultations and tests, season-ending surgery has been determined to be the best course of action for the 24-year-old. He'll finish the 2026 season with a .245/.338/.472 slash line with two steals, 19 home runs, 56 RBI and 58 runs scored across 453 plate appearances. The Athletics will turn to the likes of Carlos Cortes, Jonah Heim, Zack Gelof and others to serve as the team's designated hitter for the rest of the season in Soderstrom's absence.

Nick Gonzales 2B,3B • PIT
Pirates' Nick Gonzales: On bench Tuesday
by RotoWire
(3 hrs ago) Gonzales is out of the lineup for Tuesday's game against the Tigers.

Gonzales went 1-for-2 with two walks, a double and a run Monday after missing the previous two contests due to a facial contusion, which he sustained Friday on a hit-by-pitch. The 27-year-old will head to the bench Tuesday while Jared Triolo picks up a start at the hot corner while batting ninth.

Luis Gil P • NYY
Yankees' Luis Gil: Returning to Triple-A as RP
by RotoWire
(3 hrs ago) Gil (shoulder) was activated from the 7-day injured list at Triple-A Scranton/Wilkes-Barre on Tuesday, Gary Phillips of the New York Daily News reports.

Gil went down in late April with shoulder inflammation and started a rehab assignment with High-A Hudson Valley last Tuesday. Yankees pitching coach Matt Blake said the plan is for Gil to work as a relief pitcher for the foreseeable future, Gary Phillips of the New York Daily News reports. In Gil's two appearances during his rehab assignment with High-A Hudson Valley, he allowed no runs on two hits and a walk with three strikeouts through three innings.

More Player News