source: https://buecker.baseball.cbssports.com/players/all-player-updates
captured: 2026-08-06T21:24:34
---
Joey Bart C • CHW
White Sox's Joey Bart: Suffers fractured hand
by RotoWire
(28 mins ago) Bart suffered a fractured fifth metacarpal in his left hand after being hit by a pitch Thursday versus the Red Sox.

Bart took a 97.7 mph fastball from Erik Miller off his left hand with two outs in the top of the seventh inning, and he was immediately removed from the game. The catcher will likely undergo additional imaging, and an update on his status will likely come thereafter.

Steven Wilson P • TB
Rays' Steven Wilson: Designated for assignment
by RotoWire
(57 mins ago) Wilson (back) was activated from the 60-day injured list and designated for assignment by the Rays on Thursday, per the MLB.com transaction log.

Wilson has been on the 60-day injured list for the entirety of the 2026 campaign while recovering from lumbar disc inflammation. The right-handed pitcher tossed nine innings, allowing two runs on two hits and four walks while striking out six batters over eight outings during his minor-league rehab assignment. Wilson posted a 3.42 ERA and 1.30 WHIP with 51 punchouts over 55.1 innings in 59 appearances out of the bullpen with the White Sox last season.

Miles Mikolas P • WAS
Nationals' Miles Mikolas: Falls to 3-9
by RotoWire
(1 hr ago) Mikolas (3-9) took the loss Thursday against the Phillies, allowing six runs on 12 hits and a walk across five innings. He struck out one.

It was a rough night out of the gate for Mikolas, who gave up all six runs on 11 hits in the first three innings, including seven doubles. The veteran right-hander has struggled to a 7.32 ERA over his last seven appearances (35.2 innings). Overall, Mikolas' ERA is up to 5.89 through 113 innings this season with a 1.41 WHIP and 56:23 K:BB. He'll look to turn things around in his next outing, tentatively scheduled for next week at home against the Cubs.

Cristopher Sanchez P • PHI
Phillies' Cristopher Sanchez: Picks up 15th win
by RotoWire
(1 hr ago) Sanchez (15-4) earned the win Thursday over the Nationals, allowing two runs on six hits and two walks over five innings. He struck out five.

Sanchez wasn't at his best Thursday, as he failed to make it through six innings for just the second time in his last five starts. Still, the southpaw came away with his league-leading 15th win of the season and his sixth in his last seven outings. Overall, the 29-year-old Sanchez sports a 2.65 ERA with a 1.22 WHIP and 174:35 K:BB across 24 starts (149.2 innings) this year. He's currently in line to face the Cardinals on the road his next time out.

Bryce Miller P • SEA
Mariners' Bryce Miller: Falls to Detroit
by RotoWire
(2 hrs ago) Miller (4-6) took the loss Thursday against the Tigers, allowing four runs on five hits and two walks across five innings. He struck out five.

Detroit got to Miller early Thursday, scoring three runs in the first inning (two coming on a Dillon Dingler homer) before giving up a fourth run in the second. Miller managed to settle in and hold the Tigers scoreless over his final three frames, but Seattle couldn't climb out of the early hole in an eventual shutout defeat. The 27-year-old Miller's been slumping of late, going 0-4 with a 5.40 ERA across 26.1 innings in his last five outings. Overall, his ERA sits at 3.08 with a 0.95 WHIP and 79:15 K:BB across 79 innings this season. Miller will look to get back on track in his next start, tentatively scheduled to come on the road next week against the Yankees.

Spencer Arrighetti P • TOR
Blue Jays' Spencer Arrighetti: Exits rehab start early
by RotoWire
(2 hrs ago) Arrighetti (foot) suffered an injury and was removed from his minor-league rehab start with Triple-A Buffalo in the third inning, Thomas Hall of The Jays Nation reports.

Arrighetti appeared to tweak his troublesome right foot with one out in the top of the third inning, and he was forced to exit as a result. The right-hander has been on the 15-day injured list since July 25 while battling nerve irritation in his right foot, and he was making the first start of his minor-league rehab assignment Thursday. More information on Arrighetti's status will likely be provided in the near future, but he certainly appears to have suffered a setback in his recovery.

Framber Valdez P • DET
Tigers' Framber Valdez: Blanks Seattle for seventh win
by RotoWire
(2 hrs ago) Valdez (7-7) earned the win Thursday over the Mariners, allowing five hits and two walks over seven scoreless innings. He struck out five.

Valdez has now gone seven innings in back-to-back starts while giving up just four runs across 19 innings in his last three outings -- he had struggled to a 7.71 ERA across 18.2 frames in his previous four starts. Valdez has lowered his ERA to 4.17 across 127.1 innings this season with a 1.37 WHIP and 103:45 K:BB. He's currently slated to face the Guardians at home his next time out.

Kevin McGonigle 3B,SS • DET
Tigers' Kevin McGonigle: Homers in rout Thursday
by RotoWire
(2 hrs ago) McGonigle went 2-for-3 with a walk, a two-run home run and two additional runs scored in Thursday's 11-0 win over the Mariners.

McGonigle snapped a mini 0-for-12 slump with his second multi-hit performance in five games this month. The rookie is also starting to showcase his power a bit more recently, as he has three home runs across his last six contests, giving him 12 long balls now overall. McGonigle appears to be the heavy favorite for AL Rookie of the Year honors at this point, and the 21-year-old's long-term fantasy value continues to climb.

Dillon Dingler C • DET
Tigers' Dillon Dingler: Power surge continues Thursday
by RotoWire
(3 hrs ago) Dingler went 3-for-6 with a home run, an additional run scored and three total RBI in Thursday's 11-0 win over the Mariners.

Dingler continued his impressive power surge as he led Detroit's offensive onslaught Thursday. The slugging backstop has gone deep in three straight games and has four homers across his last six contests, pushing him up to 26 for the season. Dingler came into the year with 14 career long balls at the MLB level, so he has certainly far exceeded expectations so far. The 27-year-old is second in the majors in home runs among catchers, and he leads his position group with 78 RBI.

Trent Thornton P • CHC
Cubs' Trent Thornton: Earns fifth win Thursday
by RotoWire
(3 hrs ago) Thornton (5-4) worked around a walk to pitch a scoreless inning of relief and earn the win in Thursday's 3-2, extra-innings victory over the Blue Jays. He struck out one.

Thornton was the last of five Chicago pitchers to take the mound Thursday, working the top of the 11th inning in a 2-2 tie. The righty picked up the win when Pete Crow-Armstrong stole third base in the bottom of the 11th, then came around to score on a throwing error. Thornton has been solid this year with a 2.78 ERA across 35.2 innings, but he's in a crowded back-end mix that features Jacob Webb and the newly acquired Ryan Zeferjahn. Daniel Palencia (elbow) should also be back from the injured list in the near future.

More Player News