source: https://buecker.baseball.cbssports.com/players/all-player-updates
captured: 2026-08-05T20:07:41
---
Casey Mize P • SD
Padres' Casey Mize: Slated for debut Wednesday
by RotoWire
(11 mins ago) Mize will start Wednesday's game against the Diamondbacks in Arizona.

After acquiring Mize from the Tigers on Monday in a four-player deal, the Padres will waste little time breaking the right-hander into the rotation. Mize had been enjoying a career-best season with Detroit, posting a 2.70 ERA, 0.99 WHIP and 85:19 K:BB while limiting opposing hitters to a .213 average over 86.2 innings.

Willson Contreras 1B • BOS
Red Sox's Willson Contreras: Early exit Wednesday
by RotoWire
(29 mins ago) Contreras was removed from Wednesday's game against the White Sox due to an illness, Chris Cotillo of MassLive.com reports.

Contreras had gone 1-for-1 with a walk and an RBI before his illness forced him out of the game in the fifth inning. Nick Sogard will fill in as Boston's first baseman and could continue to do so if Contreras needs to miss additional time.

Andrew Painter P • PHI
Phillies' Andrew Painter: Pulled with hamstring tightness
by RotoWire
(38 mins ago) Painter was removed from Wednesday's game against the Nationals with left hamstring tightness, Lochlahn March of The Philadelphia Inquirer reports.

Painter had gotten through four innings of one-run ball on 63 pitches before his hamstring forced him out of the game prematurely. The Phillies will take a closer look at him and could provide an update regarding the severity of the injury after the game.

Nico Hoerner 2B • CHC
Cubs' Nico Hoerner: Three more hits in win
by RotoWire
(1 hr ago) Hoerner went 3-for-4 with a double, an RBI and a run scored in Wednesday's 7-6 win over the Dodgers.

After batting .301 in July, Hoerner has carried his strong play over into August. He has three multi-hit performances in five games this month, which has pushed his overall batting average up from .255 to .262. A career .279 hitter, Hoerner is trending in the right direction, and he should be able to rack up plenty of stolen bases if he keeps up this level of production at the plate.

Ryan Zeferjahn P • CHC
Cubs' Ryan Zeferjahn: Allows homer, earns hold Wednesday
by RotoWire
(1 hr ago) Zeferjahn allowed a solo home run but also retired two batters via strikeout to earn a hold in Wednesday's 7-6 win over the Dodgers.

Zeferjahn allowed a solo home run to Shohei Ohtani, which happens to even the best pitchers. The hard-throwing righty rebounded from that small blemish to tally two more strikeouts, bringing his season-long total to 77 across 53.1 innings. Zeferjahn has now recorded a hold in each of his first two appearances since joining the Cubs at the trade deadline, working ahead of Jacob Webb on both occasions. That seems to indicate that Webb has the inside track on the closer role, at least until Daniel Palencia (elbow) returns, but Zeferjahn has the stuff to be effective in the ninth inning if the Cubs decide to go in that direction at some point.

Ronny Simon OF • PIT
Pirates' Ronny Simon: Call-up official
by RotoWire
(1 hr ago) The Pirates selected Simon's contract from Triple-A Indianapolis on Wednesday.

Pittsburgh released designated hitter Marcell Ozuna to clear room on the 40-man roster and 26-man active roster for Simon, who will be up in the big leagues for the first time in 2026. The 26-year-old posted an .883 OPS with eight home runs and 32 steals at Triple-A this season and should offer the Pirates some versatility off the bench. Simon is a switch-hitter who's capable of playing multiple infield and outfield spots.

Jacob Webb P • CHC
Cubs' Jacob Webb: Shuts door for save Wednesday
by RotoWire
(1 hr ago) Webb tossed a scoreless ninth inning to record the save in Wednesday's 7-6 win over the Dodgers.

After starter Shota Imanaga allowed just one run in his five innings of work, Chicago's middle relievers allowed five runs in three innings. Webb then managed to slow done the imposing Los Angeles lineup for his sixth save of the season. The righty has pitched well with a 2.49 ERA and 56 strikeouts across 50.2 innings this year, and he's done a good job since stepping into the closer role. However, Daniel Palencia (elbow) is due back soon, and the Cubs also picked up Ryan Zeferjahn at the trade deadline, which clouds the back end of Chicago's bullpen a bit moving forward. At the very least, Webb has earned the opportunity to keep seeing high-leverage work, possibly as part of a closer committee.

Tyler Tolbert OF • KC
Royals' Tyler Tolbert: Shifts to bench role with Witt back
by RotoWire
(1 hr ago) Tolbert is out of the lineup for Wednesday's game against the Twins.

He had made four starts at shortstop in five games to close out the past week, but Tolbert has moved back into a utility role following Bobby Witt's reinstatement from the injured list Tuesday. With his playing time headed for a steep downturn, Tolbert's fantasy utility will be restricted to AL-only leagues, where he still carries some appeal due to his ability to contribute stolen bases even when his plate appearances are limited.

John Rave OF • KC
Royals' John Rave: Handling regular role
by RotoWire
(1 hr ago) Rave will start in right field and bat eighth in Wednesday's game against the Twins.

Rave will stay in the lineup for a sixth straight game after going 6-for-16 with a solo home run, a stolen base, two doubles and two additional runs since being called up from Triple-A Omaha a week ago. So long as he's hitting well, Rave should have a pathway to a near-everyday role in the Kansas City outfield until Vinnie Pasquantino's (wrist) eventual return from the injured list forces Jac Caglianone off first base.

Shota Imanaga P • CHC
Cubs' Shota Imanaga: Slows down Dodgers for win
by RotoWire
(1 hr ago) Imanaga (8-9) allowed one run on eight hits across five innings to earn the win in Wednesday's 7-6 victory over the Dodgers. He had no walks and struck out six.

Imanaga was challenged by a stout Los Angeles lineup, but he managed to scatter his eight hits allowed and mostly stay out of trouble. The only damage against the lefty came on a Shohei Ohtani leadoff home run. Imanaga continued his strong recent play, as he's allowed no more than two earned runs in any of his last five starts, and he's posted a 25:3 K:BB across 29.2 innings during that span. He'll carry a solid 3.60 ERA and 1.09 WHIP into his next appearance, which is currently scheduled to come next Wednesday on the road against another tough lineup in Washington.

More Player News