source: https://buecker.baseball.cbssports.com/players/all-player-updates
captured: 2026-08-14T18:59:46
---
Luis Curvelo P • TEX
Rangers' Luis Curvelo: Dropped from 40-man
by RotoWire
(27 mins ago) The Rangers designated Curvelo for assignment Friday.

Curvelo was sent down to Triple-A at the start of the month and will now lose his 40-man spot as well to make room for Marco Gonzales, who was selected to the active roster Friday. Curvelo has given up 11 runs in 10.1 innings with the Rangers this year while also accumulating an 8.42 ERA and 1.83 WHIP over 25.2 frames at Round Rock.

Marco Gonzales P • TEX
Rangers' Marco Gonzales: Selected from Triple-A
by RotoWire
(33 mins ago) The Rangers selected Gonzales' contract from Triple-A Round Rock on Friday.

Gonzales elected free agency after being outrighted to Triple-A on Aug. 2 but returned to the Rangers on a minor-league deal shortly afterward and will now reclaim a spot in the big-league bullpen, replacing Ben Peoples. Gonzales has given up just one run in six MLB innings this season, but his 7.57 ERA and 1.87 WHIP at Triple-A suggest that he'll be limited to low-leverage work with the Rangers.

Ben Peoples P • TEX
Rangers' Ben Peoples: Sent back to Round Rock
by RotoWire
(37 mins ago) The Rangers optioned Peoples to Triple-A Round Rock on Friday.

Peoples will lose his spot in the Rangers' bullpen after giving up one earned run in two innings across his two appearances since coming up from Triple-A on Monday. The 25-year-old has been effective in the majors, logging a 2.51 ERA and 1.19 WHIP in 14.1 innings, so there's a strong chance he'll return to the big club at some point whenever the team needs a fresh arm. Until then, his roster spot will be occupied by Marco Gonzales.

Cameron Cauley SS • TEX
Rangers' Cam Cauley: Sent down to Triple-A
by RotoWire
(41 mins ago) The Rangers optioned Cauley to Triple-A Round Rock on Friday.

Cauley will head back to the minors after slashing just .189/.268/.351 across 42 plate appearances since the start of the second half. Cody Freeman will come up from Triple-A in a corresponding move to give the Rangers another bench player capable of playing in the infield and outfield.

Brice Turang 2B • MIL
Brewers' Brice Turang: Not in Friday's lineup
by RotoWire
(42 mins ago) Turang is not in the Brewers' starting lineup against the Dodgers on Friday.

Turang is working through some pain in his left knee, preventing him from being in the lineup for the first two games of the series against the two-time defending World Series champions. Turang is considered day-to-day, though how his knee reacts to on-field work Saturday will be key to whether he needs a stint on the injured list, per Curt Hogg of the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel. David Hamilton will start at second base and bat eighth in Turang's absence.

Cody Freeman 2B • TEX
Rangers' Cody Freeman: Back in big leagues
by RotoWire
(44 mins ago) The Rangers recalled Freeman from Triple-A Round Rock on Friday.

Freeman was optioned to Triple-A after returning from the injured list Aug. 4 and has since gone 8-for-29 (.276) with a home run, four RBI and seven runs scored in 33 plate appearances. He'll now rejoin the parent club to provide utility depth, replacing Cam Cauley.

Grant Anderson P • MIL
Brewers' Grant Anderson: Recalled by Milwaukee
by RotoWire
(55 mins ago) The Brewers recalled Anderson from Triple-A Nashville on Friday.

Anderson was sent down to Triple-A on Aug. 5, but he's back with the big club to bolster its bullpen after Abner Uribe (forearm) was placed on the 15-day injured list. Anderson sports a 3.70 ERA, 1.11 WHIP and five holds across 48.2 innings in the majors this season.

Abner Uribe P • MIL
Brewers' Abner Uribe: Lands on IL with forearm strain
by RotoWire
(57 mins ago) The Brewers placed Uribe on the 15-day injured list Friday, retroactive to Tuesday, due to a right forearm flexor strain.

Uribe hasn't pitched since Sunday against the Twins, and it looks like it's been due to this recent injury. A minimum stint on the IL would have the right-hander back with in the majors by late August, but the Brewers will have a better sense of the right-hander's recovery timeline once he undergoes more tests. Grant Anderson was recalled from Triple-A Nashville in a corresponding move to bolster the Brewers bullpen in Uribe's absence.

Freddie Freeman 1B • LAD
Dodgers' Freddie Freeman: Resting Friday
by RotoWire
(1 hr ago) Freeman is not in the Dodgers' starting lineup against the Brewers on Friday, David Vassegh of AM 570 LA Sports reports.

Freeman was in Thursday's lineup one day after falling into the Royals' dugout during Wednesday's game. He'll get the day off for Friday's series opener while Enrique Hernandez starts at first base and bats eighth.

Willy Adames SS • SF
Giants' Willy Adames: Not in Friday's lineup
by RotoWire
(1 hr ago) Adames (back) is not in the Giants' starting lineup against the Rockies on Friday.

As expected, Adames will be on the bench for Friday's game while working through a back injury that he aggravated during Wednesday's loss to the Astros. An MRI on Friday revealed a low back strain, but a stint on the injured is unlikely for the 30-year-old shortstop, who is considered day-to-day, per Justice delos Santos of The San Jose Mercury News. With Adames sidelined, Christian Koss will draw the start at shortstop while Buddy Kennedy mans the hot corner.

More Player News