source: https://buecker.baseball.cbssports.com/players/all-player-updates
captured: 2026-08-23T10:28:34
---
Framber Valdez P • DET
Tigers' Framber Valdez: Next start pushed to Monday
by RotoWire
(13 mins ago) Valdez is slated to make his next start Monday versus the Rays in Detroit, Chris McCosky of The Detroit News reports.

After earning a win and giving up five runs (four earned) across 5.2 innings this past Monday in Pittsburgh, Valdez appeared on track to receive his second start of the week Sunday in Kansas City. Instead, the Tigers will build in an extra day of rest for Valdez and the other members of the rotation by calling up lefty Andrew Sears from Triple-A Toledo to pitch in bulk relief behind righty Jacob Waguespack during the series finale versus the Royals. Valdez will now line up for a double dip during the upcoming week, with his second start projected to fall Aug. 30 versus the Dodgers at Comerica Park.

Joshua Baez OF • STL
Cardinals' Joshua Baez: Average falls to. 156 after 0-for-4 day
by RotoWire
(18 mins ago) Baez went 0-for-4 with two strikeouts in Saturday's 12-3 loss to the Phillies.

After slugging home runs in his first three MLB at-bats following his promotion from Triple-A Memphis, Baez has gone 2-for-29 with a home run, two steals and a 3:12 BB:K in his subsequent 34 trips to the plate. Baez's struggles with making consistent contact may continue to suppress his batting average -- which now sits at .156 -- but his impressive power/speed profile along with his stranglehold on an everyday role should still make him worthy of rostering in most fantasy leagues.

Konnor Griffin SS • PIT
Pirates' Konnor Griffin: Taking swings
by RotoWire
(20 mins ago) Griffin (finger) took swings Friday as he continues to ramp up baseball activity, MLB.com reports.

Griffin is at the Pirates' facility in Florida as he ramps up his rehab. Manager Don Kelly didn't have much detail, but he said the initial reports indicate the session went well. Griffin is trending toward a return in early September.

Jacob Waguespack P • DET
Tigers' Jacob Waguespack: Serving as opener
by RotoWire
(31 mins ago) Waguespack will start Sunday's game against the Royals as an opener, Chris McCosky of The Detroit News reports.

It'll be the first start of the season and 15th of Waguespack's MLB career, with most of those coming in 2019 when he was working out of the rotation. The right-hander is in the midst of his best big-league campaign with a 1.95 ERA, 0.83 WHIP and 16:9 K:BB across 27.2 innings out of the bullpen, though his 4.71 xFIP indicates some regression could be on the horizon.

Jake McCarthy OF • COL
Rockies' Jake McCarthy: Tallies 23rd steal
by RotoWire
(36 mins ago) McCarthy went 2-for-4 with a stolen base Saturday against the Guardians.

McCarthy made an early impact with his speed, reaching base on an infield single to lead off the first inning before proceeding to steal second base. He now has 23 steals this season, and he has swiped three bases in his last five games. McCarthy has remained a strong fantasy contributor, hitting .313 with three homers, nine RBI, 17 runs scored and six stolen bases across 19 games in August.

Andrew Sears P • DET
Tigers' Andrew Sears: Making MLB debut Sunday
by RotoWire
(39 mins ago) Sears will be called up from Triple-A Toledo and will pitch in bulk relief behind opener Jacob Waguespack during Sunday's game against the Royals, Chris McCosky of The Detroit News reports.

The 23-year-old has worked across four minor-league levels this season and has posted a 2.16 ERA, 1.03 WHIP and 67:20 K:BB across 58.1 innings. Sears saw the bulk of his action at the Double-A level but covered 9.2 scoreless frames in his two outings for Toledo after being promoted in early August.

Nick Sogard 1B,2B • BOS
Red Sox's Nick Sogard: Provides key hit in win
by RotoWire
(1 hr ago) Sogard went 2-for-3 with two walks, a double and an RBI in Saturday's 3-2 win over the Giants.

With the rally caps on at Fenway Park, Sogard's ninth-inning double tied the game at 2-2, setting up a walk-off win for the Red Sox. He's settling at second base, having made five consecutive starts there while hitting safely in all five, including four multi-hit efforts. Sogard has gone 9-for-19 (.474) with five walks (.583 OBP), three doubles, one home run, three RBI and six runs scored during the hit streak.

Matt Wilkinson P • SF
Giants' Matt Wilkinson: Starting, but likely to be limited
by RotoWire
(1 hr ago) Wilkinson is slated to start Sunday's game against the Red Sox in Boston.

Wilkinson will be making his second appearance after tossing two scoreless innings as a starter in his MLB debut Wednesday in Cleveland. Since he'll be taking the hill on just three days' rest, Wilkinson is likely to be deployed as more of an opener Sunday, even though he had gotten fully stretched out at Triple-A Sacramento prior to his call-up earlier in the week. The Giants are likely to treat the series finale at Fenway Park as a bullpen game and will lean on a number of relievers to cover the remaining innings once Wilkinson exits.

Drew Sommers P • DET
Tigers' Drew Sommers: Sharp in relief Saturday
by RotoWire
(1 hr ago) Sommers posted two scoreless innings of relief with four strikeouts in Saturday's 3-1 loss to the Royals.

Sommers pitched the last two innings of the contest for the Tigers and kept his team in the game, though he didn't get the run support to escape with his first win of the year. Despite an 0-3 record, the lefty has been good this season and particularly stingy lately, as he's only allowed one run across his last 10 appearances. He also has a whopping 23 strikeouts in 12.1 innings during that time. Sommers isn't in a fantasy-friendly role at the moment, but he is making a strong case to remain a part of Detroit's bullpen moving forward,

Michael Busch 1B • CHC
Cubs' Michael Busch: Connects for 16th home run in loss
by RotoWire
(1 hr ago) Busch went 1-for-4 with a solo home run in Saturday's 5-4 loss to the Mariners.

Busch went back to back with Alex Bregman in the top of the sixth inning, giving him 16 home runs on the season and two long balls in his last four games. The slugging first baseman also now has 65 RBI and a .744 OPS across 128 contests. Busch seems unlikely to match last year's marks of 34 homers, 90 RBI and an .866 OPS, but he's still been a useful fantasy contributor at times in 2026.

More Player News