source: https://buecker.baseball.cbssports.com/players/all-player-updates
captured: 2026-09-25T12:50:42
---
Burch Smith P • DET
Tigers' Burch Smith: On mend from shoulder surgery
by RotoWire
(23 mins ago) Smith underwent arthroscopic surgery on his right shoulder Aug. 31, Chris McCosky of The Detroit News reports.

The procedure brings an end to Smith's season, after the right-hander struggled to bounce back upon hitting the injured list May 22 due to shoulder inflammation. Before being deactivated, Smith turned in a 3.18 ERA, 1.47 WHIP and 20:7 K:BB across 17 innings over 13 appearances for Detroit. The 36-year-old righty is scheduled to become an unrestricted free agency this winter.

Parker Meadows OF • DET
Tigers' Parker Meadows: Rehabbing in Florida
by RotoWire
(29 mins ago) The Tigers announced Sept. 18 that Meadows (arm) has been taking part in a hitting progression at the team's spring training facility in Florida, MLB.com reports.

Meadows doesn't appear to be a realistic candidate to return from the 60-day injured list for the Tigers' final series of the season, but he could be in store for something close to a normal offseason. The 26-year-old outfielder slashed just .250/.308/.333 with three stolen bases, three runs and two RBI over 39 plate appearances with Detroit before hitting the shelf after sustaining a fractured left radius bone in his left arm and concussion during an on-field collision April 9.

River Ryan P • DET
Tigers' River Ryan: Headed for another start
by RotoWire
(39 mins ago) Ryan is slated to start Sunday's game against the Pirates at Comerica Park, Evan Woodbery of MLive.com reports.

Ryan will get a second turn through the rotation to close out the Tigers' season. After getting called up form Triple-A Toledo on Monday, Ryan started and struck out three batters over three shutout frames in a no-decision against the Nationals. He tossed 43 pitches in that outing and will once again be operating with a restricted workload Sunday, making him a risky option for fantasy managers streaming him with the hope of scooping up a win. Keider Montero or Jack Flaherty (forearm) could end up piggybacking Ryan in the season finale.

Ryan Weathers P • NYY
Yankees' Ryan Weathers: Still in play for wild-card series
by RotoWire
(51 mins ago) Weathers (forearm) will throw a live batting practice session Friday, Greg Joyce of the New York Post reports.

Weathers will be facing fellow rehabbers Giancarlo Stanton (calves) and Trent Grisham (hamstring) in the session. It will be his first time facing hitters since he suffered a left forearm flexor strain in late August. Weathers hopes to convince the Yankees he's ready to pitch in a relief role for the wild-card series.

Andrew Sears P • DET
Tigers' Andrew Sears: Headed to bullpen
by RotoWire
(52 mins ago) Sears is expected to pitch out of the bullpen at some point during Friday's game against the Pirates, Evan Woodbery of MLive.com reports.

Sears had started in each of his last three appearances, but he'll shift to a relief role to close out the campaign after he was roughed up for six unearned runs while retiring just two batters his last time out Friday against the White Sox. Over five total outings with Detroit this season, Sears has submitted a 5.19 ERA, 1.56 WHIP and 13:7 K:BB across 17.1 frames.

Anthony Volpe SS • NYY
Yankees' Anthony Volpe: First start at third base
by RotoWire
(57 mins ago) Volpe will start at third base and will bat seventh in the first game of Friday's doubleheader against the Orioles.

Volpe played a few games at third base while at Triple-A Scranton/Wilkes-Barre this season, but this will be his first-ever start at the hot corner at the major-league level. The Orioles are sending lefty Trevor Rogers to the hill, and Volpe could wind up starting at third base over Ryan McMahon versus southpaws during the playoffs.

Shane Drohan P • MIL
Brewers' Shane Drohan: Makes abbreviated start Thursday
by RotoWire
(57 mins ago) Drohan took a no-decision in his start in Thursday's 5-1 win over the Phillies, striking out two batters while allowing one run on three hits and two walks.

Drohan picked up his first start since Sept. 12, after the Brewers used him in relief for both of his prior two appearances. He handled a limited workload in his return to the rotation, tossing just 47 pitches while facing 13 batters before the Brewers turned the game over to the bullpen. Drohan is likely to shift back to a relief role if Milwaukee opts to include him on its postseason roster.

Austin Wells C • NYY
Yankees' Austin Wells: Exiting starting lineup
by RotoWire
(1 hr ago) Wells is not in the lineup for the first game of Friday's doubleheader versus the Orioles.

Left-hander Trevor Rogers is taking the ball for the Orioles, so the left-handed-swinging Wells will grab a seat in favor of Ali Sanchez. Wells should be back behind the dish for Friday's nightcap.

Jazz Chisholm Jr. 2B,3B • NYY
Yankees' Jazz Chisholm: Sitting out afternoon tilt
by RotoWire
(1 hr ago) Chisholm is not in the lineup for the first game of Friday's doubleheader versus the Orioles.

Chisholm will rest up during the first game before likely returning to the Yankees' lineup during the nightcap. It will be Jose Caballero handling second base and batting ninth during Friday's matinee.

Cody Bellinger OF • NYY
Yankees' Cody Bellinger: Out of lineup for first game
by RotoWire
(1 hr ago) Bellinger is absent from the lineup for the first game of Friday's doubleheader against the Orioles.

Bellinger will rest during Friday's afternoon contest, but he will likely be back in there for the second game of the twin bill. Heliot Ramos is handling left field for the Yankees in the first game.

More Player News