source: https://buecker.baseball.cbssports.com/players/all-player-updates
captured: 2026-08-22T22:07:39
---
Kade Anderson P • SEA
Mariners' Kade Anderson: Just misses quality start in MLB debut
by RotoWire
(5 mins ago) Anderson took a no-decision against the Cubs on Saturday, allowing three runs on five hits and two walks in 5.2 innings. He struck out five.

Making his highly anticipated major-league debut, the 22-year-old southpaw fired four shutout innings to begin Saturday's outing before faltering a bit. The Cubs tagged Anderson for a pair of solo home runs in the sixth inning to spoil what was an outstanding opening act up until that point, but the rookie hurler still showed plenty of promise overall. Anderson, widely regarded as the top pitching prospect in baseball, is tentatively slated to make his second big-league appearance next weekend in Toronto.

Casey Mize P • SD
Padres' Casey Mize: Diagnosed with ankle sprain
by RotoWire
(6 mins ago) Mize was removed during the third inning of Saturday's game against the Twins due to a right ankle sprain.

The velocity of Mize's pitches steadily decrease as Saturday's game went on, prompting his removal during the third frame. His next start is lined up for next weekend on the road against the Rays, but whether he's cleared to pitch will be determined by additional tests and how his ankle responds to treatment over the next few days. Mize was acquired by the Padres from the Tigers on the Aug. 3 trade deadline.

Jakob Marsee OF • MIA
Marlins' Jakob Marsee: Big day against Nats
by RotoWire
(7 mins ago) Marsee went 2-for-4 with a solo home run and a stolen base in Saturday's 4-2 win over the Nationals.

The center fielder took Jake Irvin deep in the fourth inning, his eighth homer of the season, while his sixth-inning steal was his 20th. Marsee has struggled to replicate his breakout 2025 campaign, but he's been marginally more productive the last couple months, batting .258 (31-for-120) since the beginning of July with a 20:23 BB:K, four homers, two steals, nine RBI and 21 runs in 41 contests.

Calvin Faucher P • MIA
Marlins' Calvin Faucher: Collects second save
by RotoWire
(15 mins ago) Faucher worked a perfect ninth inning Saturday without striking out a batter to record his second save of the season in a 4-2 win over the Nationals.

Pete Fairbanks tossed 25 pitches Friday and likely wasn't available, so closing duties fell to Faucher and he got the job done. Faucher has a pristine 0.00 ERA in August, producing a 0.78 WHIP and 11:1 K:BB over 7.2 innings, but he had zero wins, saves or holds on the month coming into Saturday.

Eury Perez P • MIA
Marlins' Eury Perez: Nabs seventh win
by RotoWire
(19 mins ago) Perez (7-9) picked up the win in Saturday's 4-2 victory over the Nationals, allowing two runs (one earned) on three hits and three walks over five innings. He struck out four.

The right-hander wasn't at his sharpest and needed 100 pitches (56 strikes) to get through the minimum five innings in order to qualify for a win, but Perez mostly avoided hard contact before handing things off to his bullpen. Over six starts since the All-Star break, Perez has put together a 2.25 ERA, 1.11 WHIP and 33:15 K:BB in 36 innings, but he's issued multiple free passes in five straight outings. He'll look to tighten things up in his next start, which is set to come on the road next weekend in a rematch with Washington.

Jake Irvin P • WAS
Nationals' Jake Irvin: Hit hard in Saturday's loss
by RotoWire
(24 mins ago) Irvin (2-8) took the loss Saturday, giving up four runs on six hits and two walks over six innings as the Nationals fell 4-2 to the Marlins. He struck out four.

Half the hits off Irvin went for extra bases, including solo homers by Heriberto Hernandez in the second inning and Jakob Marsee in the fourth. Keeping the ball in the yard has been an issue for the right-hander since he returned from the IL in late July -- Irvin's served up seven homers in 25.2 innings over five outings, leading to a 7.01 ERA, 1.36 WHIP, 18:11 K:BB and an 0-4 record. He'll try to get on track in his next trip to the mound, which lines up to come at home next week against the Rockies.

Casey Mize P • SD
Padres' Casey Mize: Leaves Saturday's game
by RotoWire
(35 mins ago) Mize (lower body) was removed in the third inning of Saturday's game against the Twins, Dennis Lin of The Athletic reports.

Mize saw his velocity steadily decline over the course of Saturday's start, including an 88.4 mph sinker in the third frame. He appeared to be favoring his left leg while leaving the game with a trainer, and the Padres should have an update on Mize once he undergoes further tests. He ends his outing having allowed four runs on four hits (including three home runs) and one walk over 2.2 innings while failing to record a strikeout.

Jake Burger 1B • TEX
Rangers' Jake Burger: Leaves game with wrist injury
by RotoWire
(53 mins ago) Burger was removed from Saturday's game against the Angels due to a left wrist contusion, Evan Grant of The Dallas Morning News reports.

Burger was hit by a pitch on his left wrist in the third inning, and he was replaced by Nicky Lopez in the top of the fifth. The good news for Burger is that X-rays did not show a fracture, so he can be considered day-to-day and could be available to play in Sunday's series finale.

Aaron Ashby P • MIL
Brewers' Aaron Ashby: Pockets second save
by RotoWire
(1 hr ago) Ashby gave up two hits in a scoreless ninth inning Saturday to record his second save of the season in a 4-1 win over Atlanta. He didn't strike out a batter.

With Trevor Megill having pitched Thursday and Friday, Ashby got the call in a save situation Saturday and wrapped things up on 21 pitches (15 strikes). Both of his saves have come while Abner Uribe (forearm) has been on the IL, and with the right-hander seemingly on track to return next week, Ashby's window to handle closing duties when Megill is unavailable could be about to close. Ashby's been providing fantasy value even without the saves, posting a 0.00 ERA through 11.1 innings in August with a 1.06 WHIP, 18:5 K:BB, one win and three holds.

Logan Henderson P • MIL
Brewers' Logan Henderson: Racks up eighth win
by RotoWire
(2 hrs ago) Henderson (8-2) picked up the win in Saturday's 4-1 victory over Atlanta, allowing one run on five hits and two walks over six innings. He struck out four.

The 24-year-old righty gave up a run in the first inning on a Michael Harris double, but Henderson shut the door from there, delivering his fifth quality start of the season on 100 pitches (62 strikes). Four of those quality starts have come in August, and on the month he's dialed up a dazzling 2.49 ERA, 0.87 WHIP and 25:5 K:BB in 25.1 innings. Henderson will look to stay locked in during his next outing, which is scheduled to come at home next weekend against the Rangers.

More Player News