source: https://buecker.baseball.cbssports.com/players/all-player-updates
captured: 2026-08-13T23:32:39
---
Kevin Gausman P • CHC
Cubs' Kevin Gausman: Takes first loss as a Cub
by RotoWire
(12 mins ago) Gausman (6-11) took the loss Thursday against the Nationals, allowing six runs on seven hits and one walk while striking out seven over 4.2 innings.

Gausman opened the afternoon with three perfect innings before Washington broke through for a run in the fourth. Things unraveled in the fifth, when the veteran right-hander was tagged for five runs, highlighted by an Abimelec Ortiz three-run homer. The performance was a stark contrast to Gausman's Cubs debut six days prior, when he worked seven innings while allowing just two runs. It's been a down year overall for Gausman, whose 4.60 ERA would be his highest since 2019 if he can't significantly improve it down the stretch. He's lined up to face the White Sox at home in his next start.

Cade Cavalli P • WAS
Nationals' Cade Cavalli: Dominates Cubs over eight innings
by RotoWire
(32 mins ago) Cavalli (10-5) earned the win Thursday against the Cubs, allowing just one hit and two walks while striking out 10 over eight scoreless innings.

Cavalli set a career high with 103 pitches and reached double-digit strikeouts while delivering the longest outing of his career. The right-hander carried a no-hitter into the seventh inning before Michael Busch broke it up with a two-out single. Cavalli has now recorded seven consecutive quality starts, posting a 2.25 ERA with 46 strikeouts across 44 innings during that stretch. He has won seven of his last eight decisions and his season ERA is down to 3.36 alongside a 1.24 WHIP and 151:41 K:BB across 136.2 innings. Cavalli will seek to carry Thursday's dominance into his next scheduled start Wednesday against Texas.

Aaron Nola P • PHI
Phillies' Aaron Nola: Snaps lengthy win drought
by RotoWire
(1 hr ago) Nola (4-9) earned the win Thursday against the Twins, allowing one run on five hits and three walks while striking out nine over five innings.

Nola threw 58 of his 97 pitches for strikes and secured his first victory since May 26. His lone blemish was a solo homer by Luke Keaschall in the second inning, increasing his MLB-leading total to 30 home runs allowed this season. The right-hander finished on a strong note, recording three strikeouts in the fifth to escape a bases-loaded jam. Nola has now completed at least five innings in eight straight starts while piling up 51 strikeouts across 45 innings during that span. He'll carry a 5.33 ERA, 1.45 WHIP and 138:46 K:BB across 130 innings into his next scheduled start Wednesday at home against Miami.

Alex Jackson C • MIN
Twins' Alex Jackson: DFA'd by Minnesota
by RotoWire
(1 hr ago) The Twins designated Jackson for assignment Thursday, Dan Hayes of The Athletic reports.

With both Ryan Jeffers and Victor Caratini healthy, Jackson is the odd man out on Minnesota's 26-man roster. Jackson has appeared in 29 games for the Twins this season, slashing a respectable .303/.333/.409 with one homer, five RBI, 11 runs scored and a 1:23 BB:K across 69 plate appearances.

Jacob deGrom P • TEX
Rangers' Jacob deGrom: Departs start with triceps fatigue
by RotoWire
(1 hr ago) DeGrom was removed from Thursday's game against the Angels after just two innings due to right triceps fatigue, Shawn McFarland of The Dallas Morning News reports.

DeGrom needed 32 pitches to make it through the second inning, a frame in which he allowed two runs on five hits. In total, deGrom tossed 53 pitches across his two innings, surrendering the two runs on six hits and one walk with three strikeouts prior to his departure. It doesn't sound like a serious issue for the right-hander, but he'll likely undergo further testing ahead of next week's scheduled start against the Nationals.

Taj Bradley P • MIN
Twins' Taj Bradley: Stumbles against Phillies
by RotoWire
(1 hr ago) Bradley (9-5) took the loss Thursday against the Phillies, allowing five runs on seven hits and four walks while striking out three over four innings.

Bradley struggled to navigate Philadelphia's left-handed-heavy lineup from the outset, needing 32 pitches to escape the first inning. Kyle Schwarber did much of the damage, launching a pair of homers off Bradley, including a leadoff shot to begin the game. The right-hander departed with Minnesota trailing 5-1 after matching his shortest outing of the season. Bradley entered Thursday with a 3.76 ERA and had been one of the Twins' more reliable arms as they battle for a wild-card spot. He'll look to rebound in his next scheduled start at home against Atlanta.

Jack Leiter P • TEX
Rangers' Jack Leiter: Blanks opponent in first rehab start
by RotoWire
(3 hrs ago) Leiter (ankle) pitched 2.2 scoreless innings, allowing one hit and one walk while striking out three batters in a rehab start with Triple-A Round Rock on Thursday.

Leiter threw 32 of his 48 pitches for strikes, and he touched 98 mph with his fastball in the first inning, per Shawn McFarland of The Dallas Morning News. The right-handed pitcher has been sidelined since late June while recovering from a right ankle posterior impingement, and he'll likely make multiple more rehab starts before being activated from the 60-day injured list.

Carlos Rodon P • NYY
Yankees' Carlos Rodon: Seven strikeouts in rehab start
by RotoWire
(3 hrs ago) Rodon (elbow) pitched 4.1 scoreless innings, giving up two hits and a walk while striking seven batters in a rehab start with Double-A Somerset on Thursday.

Rodon was making the second start of his minor-league rehab assignment after he surrendered three runs over 2.2 innings with Triple-A Scranton/Wilkes-Barre on Saturday. The southpaw was able to toss 58 total pitches, notching 41 strikes, and although it was against lesser competition, Rodon definitely looked more comfortable Thursday. The 33-year-old has been on the 15-day injured list since July 3 while recovering from left elbow inflammation, and it's unclear if he'll make another minor-league start before returning to the Yankees.

Gavin Stone P • LAD
Dodgers' Gavin Stone: Tosses three innings in rehab start
by RotoWire
(3 hrs ago) Stone (shoulder) pitched three innings, allowing one run on one hit and a walk while striking out five batters in a rehab start with Triple-A Oklahoma City on Thursday.

Stone was making his second start with Oklahoma City since starting his minor-league rehab assignment Aug. 6. The 27-year-old has been sidelined since undergoing right shoulder surgery in October 2024, but he's now nearing a return to action with the Dodgers. He was able to notch 32 strikes over 46 total pitches, and the team will likely look to ramp up the workload even more in his next rehab outing next week.

Oswald Peraza 2B,3B • LAA
Angels' Oswald Peraza: Expected to take swings Thursday
by RotoWire
(3 hrs ago) Peraza (hand) is set to take some swings prior to Thursday night's contest against the Rangers, Jack Janes of TheSportingTribune.com reports.

Peraza is not in the starting lineup Thursday after suffering a left hand contusion in Wednesday's 5-2 win over the Rangers. Manager Kurt Suzuki said that Peraza can play defense, but the team wants to ensure that he feels comfortable at the plate. The 26-year-old can be considered day-to-day for the time being.

More Player News