source: https://buecker.baseball.cbssports.com/players/all-player-updates
captured: 2026-09-01T09:00:43
---
Spencer Miles P • TOR
Blue Jays' Spencer Miles: Serving as opener Tuesday
by RotoWire
(5 mins ago) Miles will be the Blue Jays' opener for Tuesday's contest in Cleveland, Keegan Matheson of MLB.com reports.

He's expected to be followed by Spencer Arrighetti in bulk relief. Miles has been on a roll lately, logging nine straight scoreless appearances with a 6:1 K:BB over 8.2 innings.

Dylan Lee P • ATL
Braves' Dylan Lee: Worried he may be tipping pitches
by RotoWire
(15 mins ago) Lee gave up one run on two hits while recording just one out during Monday's loss to the Giants.

The southpaw took over for Bryce Elder with two on and one out in the sixth inning and allowed both inherited runners to score on a Turner Hill double, before a Bryce Eldridge single added a run to Lee's own ledger. Lee has been scored upon in three straight appearances and five of his last seven, and per Mark Bowman of MLB.com, he's concerned he may be tipping pitches. "It's just something I'm doing with my mechanics," Lee said after Monday's game. "They obviously see something. So I'm gonna just work on it, talk with our guys and get it cleaned up." Since the All-Star break, Lee has a rough 5.50 ERA, 1.50 WHIP and 21:8 K:BB over 18 innings while picking up one win and 11 holds in 21 appearances.

Cal Raleigh C • SEA
Mariners' Cal Raleigh: Up to 20 homers
by RotoWire
(2 hrs ago) Raleigh went 1-for-5 with a solo home run in Monday's 9-8 loss to the Red Sox.

Raleigh extended Seattle's lead to 8-5 in the seventh inning with his 20th homer of the year, a 355-foot shot off Erik Miller. Raleigh's now gone deep seven times in his last 10 games while going 11-for-34 (.324) with a 1.396 OPS in that span. Despite the hot stretch, Raleigh is still slashing just .171/.287/.359 with 54 RBI and 35 runs scored across 432 plate appearances this season.

Osleivis Basabe 2B,SS • SF
Giants' Osleivis Basabe: Launches fourth home run
by RotoWire
(7 hrs ago) Basabe went 1-for-4 with a solo home run in Monday's 7-3 win over Atlanta.

Basabe took Bryce Elder deep in the sixth inning for a game-tying solo homer, pulling San Francisco even at 3-3. After homering three times over his first four games in August, Basabe entered Monday having gone 21 consecutive games without a long ball. The utility man is slashing .207/.245/.359 with four homers, two doubles, nine RBI, nine runs and two steals across 28 games this season.

Ketel Marte 2B • ARI
Diamondbacks' Ketel Marte: Logs one hit in return
by RotoWire
(7 hrs ago) Marte went 1-for-3 with a walk in a loss to the Phillies on Monday.

Marte made a somewhat abrupt return after a dramatic couple weeks during which he initially no-showed a game against Boston before landing on the restricted list and then on the IL due to a knee injury. The infielder was greeted by a chorus of boos by his home crowd upon his first at-bat, which ended with a groundout. However, Marte ultimately got aboard twice with a sixth-inning walk and an eighth-inning single. The Diamondbacks are currently half a game behind San Diego for the NL's final wild-card spot, so Marte figures to be a consistent presence in Arizona's lineup moving forward despite his recent antics.

Brandon Pfaadt P • ARI
Diamondbacks' Brandon Pfaadt: Pitches well but takes loss Monday
by RotoWire
(7 hrs ago) Pfaadt (7-2) allowed two runs on five hits and one walk while striking out one batter over six innings in a loss to Philadelphia on Monday.

Pfaadt didn't have his swing-and-stuff going, as he notched only five whiffs and one punchout. Nonetheless, he was able to keep the Phillies mostly in check en route to his eighth quality start of the campaign. Despite that achievement, Pfaadt saw his streak of 21 outings without a loss come to an end -- prior to Monday, his only other defeat came April 11 in his third appearance of the season. He'll try to start a new win streak the next time he takes the mound, which is lined up to be on the road in Houston.

Michael Harris II OF • ATL
Braves' Michael Harris: Blasts 23rd long ball
by RotoWire
(7 hrs ago) Harris went 2-for-4 with a solo home run in Monday's 7-3 loss to the Giants.

Harris led off the second inning by taking Anthony Molina deep for a solo homer, his 23rd of the season. He's now reached safely in 15 consecutive games, batting .362 with three homers during that stretch. Harris is enjoying a career year with several personal bests, while his .825 OPS shows significant improvement from the .677 mark he posted last season.

Jhoan Duran P • PHI
Phillies' Jhoan Duran: Survives for 29th save
by RotoWire
(7 hrs ago) Duran notched a save against the Diamondbacks on Monday, allowing two hits and striking out two batters over one scoreless inning.

Duran entered in the ninth frame tasked with protecting a one-run lead. Arizona got two runners aboard on a pair of infield singles, and Duran put the tying run on third base when he uncorked a two-out wild pitch. However, he was able to close things out by getting Gabriel Moreno to ground out to shortstop. The All-Star closer picked up his 29th save of the campaign, five of which came during August. Over the course of 14 appearances in the month, he allowed just one earned run while posting a 16:3 K:BB across 15 innings.

Aaron Nola P • PHI
Phillies' Aaron Nola: Continues resurgence with victory
by RotoWire
(7 hrs ago) Nola (6-10) earned the win over Arizona on Monday, allowing one run on five hits and two walks while striking out four batters over five innings.

Nola yielded just one extra-base hit -- a third-inning double that also produced the only run against him. The right-hander did rack up a hefty 104 pitches over his five frames, but he mostly held Arizona in check and extended his streak of allowing two or fewer runs to five straight starts. Nola entered August with a 3-9 record and a 5.61 ERA, but he turned things around considerably during the month, going 3-1 with a 2.65 ERA and a 41:12 K:BB across 34 innings spanning six starts. The veteran hurler will look to continue building momentum the next time he takes the mound, which is scheduled to be a home tilt against Atlanta.

Spencer Jones OF • NYY
Yankees' Spencer Jones: Accounts for team's only run in loss
by RotoWire
(8 hrs ago) Jones went 1-for-3 with a solo home run Monday in a loss to the Angels.

It was a quiet night for the Yankees offense, as the club collectively produced just six hits and one run while striking out 10 times. Jones at least prevented a shutout with a solo blast in the fifth inning. The long ball was his eighth of the campaign and his first since we went deep in back-to-back games Aug. 20 and 21. Jones has continued to start most games against right-handed pitchers even since Cody Bellinger returned from the injured list. Over 28 games in August, Jones batted .239 with four homers, five doubles, 17 runs, 13 RBI and five stolen bases.

More Player News