source: https://buecker.baseball.cbssports.com/players/all-player-updates
captured: 2026-09-28T18:18:10
---
Giancarlo Stanton OF • NYY
Yankees' Giancarlo Stanton: Does some running Monday
by RotoWire
(19 mins ago) Stanton (calves) ran the bases at Yankee Stadium on Monday in addition to taking live batting practice, Gary Phillips of the New York Daily News reports.

Stanton hasn't played in a game since late April, first due to a right calf strain and later because of a strain to his left calf. However, he's improved enough that he's under consideration for the Yankees' wild-card roster versus the Red Sox.

Jake Woodford P • TB
Rays' Jake Woodford: Outrighted by Rays
by RotoWire
(42 mins ago) The Rays outrighted Woodford to Triple-A Durham on Sunday.

Woodford passed through waivers after being booted off the 40-man roster. The righty is set to become a minor-league free agent this offseason after posted a 7.81 ERA across 19 relief outings between the Brewers, Cubs and Rays in 2026.

Corey Seager SS • TEX
Rangers' Corey Seager: Might require minor elbow surgery
by RotoWire
(1 hr ago) Rangers president of baseball operations Chris Young said Monday that Seager could require minor offseason surgery for a bone spur in his elbow "that he's dealt with for a few months," Kennedi Landry of MLB.com reports.

It's not a given that Seager will choose the surgical route, but if he does, the expectation is that he will be fully recovered in time for the start of spring training. Injuries limited Seager to 102 games for the second season in a row, and he regressed at the plate year-over-year, finishing with a .227/.312/.424 batting line with 20 home runs during the 2026 campaign.

A.J. Blubaugh P • HOU
Astros' AJ Blubaugh: Drawing Game 1 start
by RotoWire
(1 hr ago) Blubaugh will start for the Astros on Tuesday in Game 1 of the American League Wild Card Series versus the White Sox, Chandler Rome of The Athletic reports.

Blubaugh is capable of covering multiple innings, but it will be a bullpen game for the Astros. The right-hander made 64 appearances for Houston this season in a relief role, collecting a 3.66 ERA and 94:42 K:BB over 96 frames. Hunter Brown will get the ball on normal rest for the Astros in Game 2 on Wednesday.

Michael Burrows P • HOU
Astros' Mike Burrows: Option for playoff roster
by RotoWire
(2 hrs ago) Burrows (elbow/shoulder) is considered healthy and could be included on the Astros' wild-card series roster versus the White Sox, Brian McTaggart of MLB.com reports.

Burrows initially landed on the injured list in mid-July with right elbow inflammation, and he later came down with shoulder inflammation. The right-hander has since recovered from those injuries, and Houston is mulling the possibility of adding Burrows to its postseason roster. Burrows has logged an ugly 5.99 ERA and 75:35 K:BB over 94.2 innings in the majors this season and has made only one game appearance over the past month, which gives you an idea as to the state of the Astros' pitching staff that they're considering adding him to the mix.

Steven Okert P • HOU
Astros' Steven Okert: Could return for wild-card round
by RotoWire
(2 hrs ago) Okert (hamstring) threw a bullpen session Monday and could be included on the Astros' wild-card series roster against the White Sox, Brian McTaggart of MLB.com reports.

Okert has been shelved since early September with a right hamstring strain, but it sounds like the Astros could get one of their better relievers back in time for the playoffs. The left-hander has logged a 2.13 ERA, 0.87 WHIP and 68:14 K:BB over 67.2 innings this season.

Tyler Wade OF • TEX
Tyler Wade: Retires from professional baseball
by RotoWire
(2 hrs ago) Wade announced his retirement from professional baseball Monday.

Wade inked a minor-league contract with the Rangers last winter but was released in April and never signed on anywhere else. The 31-year-old will finish his career having slashed .216/.294/.284 over parts of nine major-league seasons.

Aaron Judge OF • NYY
Yankees' Aaron Judge: Yet to run bases
by RotoWire
(3 hrs ago) Judge (calf) said Monday that he's been "feeling great" while running on an anti-gravity treadmill but has yet to try running the bases, Jorge Castillo of ESPN.com reports.

Judge plans to do some more running on the anti-gravity treadmill Monday and could try running outside, as well. The slugger was also scheduled to take live batting practice on the field. Judge is aiming to be included on the Yankees' wild-card series roster despite suffering a moderate right calf strain less than two weeks ago. If he is on the roster, it could be in a designated hitter role.

Corbin Burnes P • ARI
Diamondbacks' Corbin Burnes: Expected to be fine after rest
by RotoWire
(3 hrs ago) Burnes said Monday that the right shoulder injury which landed him on the 15-day injured list during the final weekend of the regular season was fatigue-related and he expects to be fine after rest, Steve Gilbert of MLB.com reports.

Burnes had his Tommy John surgery rehab interrupted by a teres major strain in June, and his season ended prematurely due to what the Diamondbacks labeled as shoulder inflammation. However, it sounds as if the veteran hurler will be able to have a normal offseason after resting for a bit. Burnes allowed nine runs with an 8:4 K:BB over 10.1 innings in three starts for Arizona in 2026.

Mike Trout OF • LAA
Angels' Mike Trout: Could move to left field in 2027
by RotoWire
(4 hrs ago) Angels interim general manager John Mozeliak said Monday that Trout approached him about playing left field and designated hitter next season, Jeff Fletcher of The Orange County Register reports.

Trout logged 109 starts in center field and 33 at DH in 2026, but defensive metrics were again unkind as the 35-year-old finished with a minus-5 in Outs Above Average, per Baseball Savant. The three-time American League MVP's 142 games played in 2026 was his highest total since 2016, but he was more good than great offensively, slashing .242/.382/.421 with 22 home runs, 54 RBI and 11 steals.

More Player News