source: https://buecker.baseball.cbssports.com/players/all-player-updates
captured: 2026-09-19T23:56:42
---
Yunior Marte P • SF
Giants' Yunior Marte: Hit hard in first loss
by RotoWire
(7 mins ago) Marte (0-1) allowed six runs on eight hits and three walks while striking out two over 4.2 innings to take the loss versus the Dodgers on Saturday.

Four of the eight hits Marte allowed went for extra bases, compounding his troubles in a poor start. This was his return to the rotation after last appearing out of the bullpen Sept. 11 with five scoreless innings against the Padres. Over 19.1 innings, Marte has a 4.66 ERA, 1.40 WHIP and 11:9 K:BB across four games (two starts). With Logan Webb (finger) shut down for the year, there's room for Marte to draw another start in a rematch versus the Dodgers at home in the final series of the season.

Shohei Ohtani (Batter) DH • LAD
Dodgers' Shohei Ohtani: 'Good chance' to return vs. SD
by RotoWire
(9 mins ago) Dodgers manager Dave Roberts said after Saturday's game that there's a "good chance" Ohtani (knee/biceps) will be activated during next week's series against the Padres, Fabian Ardaya of The Athletic reports.

Ohtani ran the bases on the field prior to Saturday's game and also advanced to taking simulated at-bats against the team's Trajekt machine. It sounds like the Dodgers are pleased with Ohtani's progress, enough so that he's penciled in to return during the homestand. If Ohtani is activated Wednesday when first eligible, he could play in up to five game before the end of the regular season.

Dansby Swanson SS • CHC
Cubs' Dansby Swanson: Goes deep in second game back
by RotoWire
(9 mins ago) Swanson went 2-for-4 with a solo home run and an additional run scored in Saturday's 5-2 win over the Reds.

Playing in his second game back since returning from the injured list, Swanson popped his 19th home run of the season in the ninth inning. The shortstop missed about a month with an oblique strain, though he still has time to record his second straight 20-homer campaign and fifth of his MLB career. While the Cubs figure to ease Swanson back into action to a degree, he should still play frequently during the last week of the regular season with the team fighting for a playoff spot.

Will Smith C • LAD
Dodgers' Will Smith: Homers in consecutive contests
by RotoWire
(11 mins ago) Smith went 3-for-5 with a solo home run, a second RBI and two total runs scored in Saturday's 10-4 win over the Giants.

Smith has homered in consecutive contests. He went yard in the third inning and then added an RBI single in the sixth. The catcher had gone 14 games without a multi-RBI game, batting .211 (8-for-38) in that span. For the season, he's hitting .249 with a .756 OPS, nine homers, 33 RBI, 33 runs scored, no stolen bases and nine doubles across 68 contests.

Mookie Betts SS • LAD
Dodgers' Mookie Betts: Perfect at plate Saturday
by RotoWire
(14 mins ago) Betts went 4-for-4 with three doubles, a walk, two RBI and two runs scored in Saturday's 10-4 win over the Giants.

Betts continues to swing a hot bat with three straight multi-hit efforts. He's batting .397 (25-for-63) over 16 contests in September, with six home runs and seven doubles in that span. The surge has him up to a .261 average and .785 OPS through 116 contests, and he's added 22 homers, 23 doubles, 67 RBI, 68 runs scored and two stolen bases.

Michael Busch 1B • CHC
Cubs' Michael Busch: Hits 20th home run Saturday
by RotoWire
(15 mins ago) Busch went 2-for-3 with a solo home run in Saturday's 5-2 win over the Reds.

Busch hit his second home run in the last seven games in the sixth inning, which gives him 20 long balls for the season. The slugging first baseman now has three straight 20-homer campaigns, though he's taken a step back from 2025, when he launched 34 home runs during the regular season. Busch should continue to see ample playing time down the stretch as the Cubs fight for playoff positioning.

Tarik Skubal P • LAD
Dodgers' Tarik Skubal: Collects 11th win
by RotoWire
(16 mins ago) Skubal (11-7) allowed four runs on eight hits and two walks while striking out three over five innings to earn the win over the Giants on Saturday.

Skubal wasn't at his sharpest this time out, but he still managed to earn a third straight win thanks to the Dodgers' offense. This was the first time since June 24 where Skubal gave up more than three runs. Over that 14-start span (87 innings), he maintained a 2.28 ERA, even better than his 2.85 mark for the year. The ace southpaw has added a 0.99 WHIP and 176:27 K:BB through 151.2 innings over 25 starts this year. He's tentatively lined up for a road rematch in San Francisco next weekend to conclude his regular season.

Bryce Eldridge 1B • SF
Giants' Bryce Eldridge: In concussion protocol
by RotoWire
(30 mins ago) Eldridge (head) is in concussion protocol and won't play Sunday against the Dodgers, Justice delos Santos of The San Jose Mercury News reports.

The rookie first baseman/DH reportedly bumped his head at the team hotel, resulting in a laceration and evidently concussion symptoms. He will need to clear protocol in order to play again this year. Eldridge has been a bright spot in a mostly gloomy season for San Francisco, hitting 17 homers with an .825 OPS across 448 plate appearances.

Xavier Edwards 2B,SS • MIA
Marlins' Xavier Edwards: Leaves early Saturday
by RotoWire
(1 hr ago) Edwards left Saturday's game against the Padres in the seventh inning with left thumb discomfort, Christina De Nicola of MLB.com reports.

Edwards was checked out by a trainer after a foul ball during his plate appearance in the top of the seventh, and while he stayed in the game initially, the second baseman was replaced on defense the next half-inning. He just recently returned from a left thumb sprain, and De Nicola speculates Edwards might have aggravated that injury.

Bryan Baker P • TB
Rays' Bryan Baker: Bags another win Saturday
by RotoWire
(1 hr ago) Baker (4-2) picked up the win in Saturday's 2-1 victory over the Red Sox, giving up two hits in a scoreless ninth inning. He didn't walk or strike out a batter.

The right-hander still leads the majors with 40 saves, but Baker has been the pitcher of record during the Rays' recent spate of walk-off victories as well -- three of his four wins on the season have come in his last four appearances. Through 60.1 innings, Baker's delivered a 1.49 ERA, 0.91 WHIP and 62:21 K:BB in a breakout campaign.

More Player News