source: https://buecker.baseball.cbssports.com/players/all-player-updates
captured: 2026-08-09T13:57:05
---
Tyler O'Neill OF • BAL
Orioles' Tyler O'Neill: Playing time on upswing
by RotoWire
(8 mins ago) O'Neill will start at designated hitter and bat cleanup Sunday against the Rangers.

O'Neill will draw a third straight start after getting on base five times in the first two contests of the series. Since the All-Star break, O'Neill has posted a 1.026 OPS over 15 games, with his red-hot bat seemingly earning him more opportunities against right-handed pitching.

Leody Taveras OF • BAL
Orioles' Leody Taveras: Reclaiming playing time
by RotoWire
(11 mins ago) Taveras will start in right field and bat sixth in Sunday's game against the Rangers.

Trade-deadline pickup Christian Franklin made starts over Taveras in the outfield in the Orioles' first two games of the week, but Taveras has been included in the lineup over the former in each of the ensuing four contests. Taveras went just 2-for-10 with a double, a walk and a run scored in the previous three contests, so he probably still has some work to do before firmly solidifying himself as a part of the everyday lineup.

Taylor Walls SS • TB
Rays' Taylor Walls: Ready to go Sunday
by RotoWire
(19 mins ago) Walls (back) is starting at shortstop and batting ninth Sunday against the Mariners, Ryan Bass of Rays.tv reports.

The 30-year-old was withheld from Saturday's starting nine due to lower-back tightness, but he'll rejoin the lineup for the series finale in Seattle. Walls is batting .103 (3-for-29) with four walks, three steals and 11 strikeouts in his past 12 games.

Troy Johnston 1B,OF • COL
Rockies' Troy Johnston: Losing out on playing time
by RotoWire
(21 mins ago) Johnston is out of the lineup for Sunday's game against the Cardinals.

The left-handed-hitting Johnston will be on the bench for the fourth time in five games and has missed out on three starts versus righties during that stretch. With Johnston producing a middling .421 OPS since the All-Star break, the Rockies appear to have moved him out of a near-everyday role and instead opted to rotate a number of players in and out of the final spot in the lineup.

Jose Fermin 2B,3B,OF • STL
Cardinals' Jose Fermin: Gaining foothold in lineup
by RotoWire
(25 mins ago) Fermin will start at third base and bat eighth in Sunday's game against the Rockies.

Fermin will be included in the lineup for the sixth time in seven games, with four of his starts during that stretch coming against right-handed pitching. He could be emerging as the Cardinals' preferred option at third base while rookie Blaze Jordan (122 wRC+ versus lefties, 52 wRC+ versus righties) has struggled against same-handed pitching this season.

Blaze Jordan 1B,3B • STL
Cardinals' Blaze Jordan: Playing time trending down
by RotoWire
(27 mins ago) Jordan is out of the lineup for Sunday's game against the Rockies.

Jordan will head to the bench for the second time in the series and has now been excluded from the starting nine in three of the Cardinals' last four matchups with right-handed pitchers. Jose Fermin may have overtaken Jordan the team's preferred option at third base while Jordan has struggled to a .236/.250/.315 batting line (52 wRC+) in 96 plate appearances versus righties.

Christian Encarnacion-Strand 1B • BAL
Orioles' Christian Encarnacion-Strand: Not starting Sunday
by RotoWire
(28 mins ago) Encarnacion-Strand is out of the lineup for Sunday's game against the Angels.

Encarnacion-Strand has gone 2-for-19 with seven strikeouts through seven games in August and will hit the bench Sunday for the second time in Baltimore's past three games. Coby Mayo will start at third base and bat seventh while Tyler O'Neill gets a turn at designated hitter.

Ryan Jeffers C • MIN
Twins' Ryan Jeffers: Resting Sunday
by RotoWire
(33 mins ago) Jeffers is out of the lineup for Sunday's game against the Brewers.

Victor Caratini will receive a turn behind the dish while Jeffers rest for the series finale. Jeffers started behind the plate in the Twins' previous two contests and went 2-for-8 with a double, two walks, two runs and an RBI.

Joseph Ortiz 3B,SS • MIL
Brewers' Joey Ortiz: Out Sunday, viewed as day-to-day
by RotoWire
(38 mins ago) Brewers manager Pat Murphy said that Ortiz is out of the lineup for Sunday's game against the Twins due to an upper-back injury and is considered day-to-day, Hunter Baumgardt of Fox Sports 920 Milwaukee reports.

Ortiz was forced out of Saturday's 4-3 win early due to the injury, but his back issue is considered less of a concern than the hamstring strain fellow infielder Cooper Pratt sustained in the same game. With the Brewers moving Pratt to the injured list Sunday, Ortiz could end up settling in as the team's primary option at shortstop once he moves past the back problem. David Hamilton will cover shortstop Sunday while Andrew Vaughn makes his second career MLB start at third base.

Kaelen Culpepper SS • MIN
Twins' Kaelen Culpepper: Receiving Sunday off
by RotoWire
(39 mins ago) Culpepper is out of the lineup for Sunday's game against the Brewers.

The 23-year-old started at shortstop in his first two MLB games after being called up Friday, and he'll get a break Sunday after going 2-for-5 with a walk, two hit-by-pitches and solo home run. Ryan Kreidler will handle shortstop for the Twins in the series finale.

More Player News