source: https://buecker.baseball.cbssports.com/players/all-player-updates
captured: 2026-08-02T23:02:18
---
Javier Assad P • CHC
Cubs' Javier Assad: Awarded start Tuesday
by RotoWire
(24 mins ago) Assad is slated to start Tuesday's game against the Dodgers at Wrigley Field, Jesse Rogers of ESPN.com reports.

Assad earned himself a second straight turn through the rotation after he struck out six and allowed one earned run on six hits and two walks in 4.1 innings in a start against the Cardinals on Thursday. The right-hander could have a longer leash Tuesday after tossing just 83 pitches versus St. Louis, but he'll also get a tougher matchup, taking on a Dodgers offense that has posted an MLB-best 113 wRC+ on the season. In addition to facing off against a tough lineup, Assad's chances of earning a win will be further dimmed by going head-to-head with two-time Cy Young Award Tarik Skubal, who will make his Dodgers debut Tuesday.

Tarik Skubal P • LAD
Dodgers' Tarik Skubal: Making team debut at Wrigley Field
by RotoWire
(30 mins ago) President of baseball operations Andrew Friedman said that Skubal will make his Dodgers debut Tuesday against the Cubs at Wrigley Field, Jack Harris of the California Post reports.

The Dodgers made their acquisition of Skubal official Sunday, with the Tigers receiving three prospects -- outfielders Kyhir Hope and right-handers River Ryan (hamstring) and Brady Smith -- in exchange for the two-time Cy Young Award winner. Before becoming an unrestricted free agent this summer, the 29-year-old Skubal will headline the Los Angeles rotation over the final two months of the regular season and during the playoffs while the club pursues its third consecutive World Series title. Skubal missed about six and a half weeks earlier this season after requiring a NanoScope surgery to remove a loose body from his left elbow, but he hasn't missed a beat since returning to action June 13. He logged a 2.87 ERA, 0.88 WHIP and 71:8 K:BB over 53.1 innings in his final nine starts with Detroit after coming off the injured list.

Sandy Alcantara P • MIA
Marlins' Sandy Alcantara: Blanks Mets in 12th win
by RotoWire
(41 mins ago) Alcantara (12-6) notched win Sunday against the Mets, allowing no runs on four hits and two walks in six innings. He struck out five.

That makes it back-to-back scoreless starts for Alcantara, who continues to be a workhorse for the Marlins in 2026. The right-hander has reached the 90-pitch mark in all but two of his 24 outings -- touching the 100-pitch plateau in half of them -- and he's now thrown at least six innings in six consecutive appearances and 11 of his last 12. Alcantara is set to bring a 3.68 ERA, 1.20 WHIP and 120:41 K:BB over 156.2 frames into a soft home matchup against the Angels.

Clay Holmes P • NYM
Mets' Clay Holmes: Completes third rehab start
by RotoWire
(45 mins ago) Holmes (fibula) allowed four runs (three earned) on seven hits and no walks while striking out three batters across 5.1 innings in a rehab start Sunday with High-A Brooklyn.

Making what may have been his final start as a member of the Mets organization, Holmes showed that he's ready to return from the 60-day injured list after being shelved for the past two and a half months due to a right fibula fracture. He built up to 73 pitches in Sunday's outing, spotting 53 of his offerings for strikes while sporting a sinker that sat around 91-to-93 mph. According to John Flanigan of SNY.tv, the Diamondbacks, Phillies, Rays and Rangers all had scouts in attendance in Brooklyn to monitor the 32-year-old right-hander, who is a prime candidate to be moved ahead of Monday's trade deadline.

Gerrit Cole P • NYY
Yankees' Gerrit Cole: Earns fifth win
by RotoWire
(56 mins ago) Cole (5-5) earned the win Sunday against the Cubs, allowing one run on four hits and three walks while striking out five over 5.2 innings.

Cole threw 63 of his 99 pitches for strikes and picked up his second consecutive victory. His only blemish came in the fourth inning when Michael Busch delivered an RBI single. The veteran right-hander has been excellent since the All-Star break, allowing just six runs across 24.2 innings while piling up 31 strikeouts in four starts. Through 13 outings this season, Cole owns a 3.42 ERA, 1.10 WHIP and 78:17 K:BB across 73.2 innings. He's scheduled to make his next start Saturday against Atlanta.

Robert Stock P • NYM
Mets' Robert Stock: Hard-luck loss in season debut
by RotoWire
(59 mins ago) Stock (0-1) took the loss Sunday against the Marlins, allowing one run on three hits and no walks in five innings. He struck out four.

The Mets traded away Freddy Peralta earlier Sunday, but Stock filled in admirably during what was his first major-league start since 2021. The journeyman right-hander held Miami scoreless until the fifth inning, with the lone blemish on his line being a Joe Mack solo home run. New York has an open rotation spot now that Peralta has been dealt, and Stock figures to have earned himself another opportunity with the big-league club next week against Pittsburgh.

Sal Frelick OF • MIL
Brewers' Sal Frelick: Resumes hitting, throwing
by RotoWire
(1 hr ago) Frelick (shoulder) began a hitting progression early last week and started a throwing progression Friday, MLB.com reports.

Frelick didn't travel with the Brewers for their West Coast road trip, but he appears to have made some good progress in his recovery from a right shoulder strain while remaining back in Milwaukee. He'll look to increase the intensity and frequency of his activities during the upcoming week and will likely require a brief rehab assignment before returning from the 10-day injured list.

Griffin Jax P • TB
Rays' Griffin Jax: Fans eight in ninth loss
by RotoWire
(1 hr ago) Jax (6-9) took the loss Sunday against the White Sox, allowing three runs (one earned) on four hits and no walks in five innings. He struck out eight.

A fielding error by Jax himself with two outs in the opening inning kept two earned runs off his ledger, much to the delight of fantasy managers. Sunday thus went down as the right-hander's third consecutive start with just one earned run allowed, and Jax has certainly found his way as part of the starting rotation after beginning his first year with the Rays as a reliever. Over 82.2 innings as a starter, he's posted a 3.16 ERA, 1.14 WHIP and 90:23 K:BB as opposed to an 8.00 ERA and 1.89 WHIP across nine frames out of the bullpen. Jax is next slated to take the ball in Seattle at pitcher-friendly T-Mobile Park.

Joel Kuhnel P • MIL
Brewers' Joel Kuhnel: Kicks off rehab assignment
by RotoWire
(1 hr ago) Kuhnel (shoulder) retired two of the five batters he faced and was charged with two earned runs on three hits and no walks in a rehab appearance Sunday for Triple-A Nashville.

Kuhnel fired 13 of his 17 pitches for strikes in the rehab outing, his first appearance at any level since July 2 following his placement on the 15-day injured list due to right rotator cuff tendinopathy. Though Kuhnel pounded the strike zone, batters were able to easily square up on him, as all three hits he allowed went for extra bases (one home run, two doubles). The right-hander will need to show improved results over his next few rehab appearances before rejoining the Milwaukee bullpen.

A.J. Blubaugh P • HOU
Astros' AJ Blubaugh: Earns first career save
by RotoWire
(1 hr ago) Blubaugh recorded his first major-league save Sunday against the Rangers, striking out one over 1.1 scoreless innings.

With five relievers, including Josh Hader, having pitched the previous night, Blubaugh was called upon with two outs and two runners aboard in the eighth inning. He escaped the jam by striking out Jake Burger before retiring the Rangers in order on just nine pitches in the ninth to secure the first save of his MLB career. The right-hander has now recorded consecutive scoreless appearances for the first time since July 1, though he has continued to miss bats throughout that stretch, compiling a 21:3 K:BB across 16 innings.

More Player News