source: https://buecker.baseball.cbssports.com/players/all-player-updates
captured: 2026-08-12T21:38:23
---
Alex Bregman 3B • CHC
Cubs' Alex Bregman: Erupts for three homers, seven RBI
by RotoWire
(7 mins ago) Bregman went 3-for-3 with two walks, three home runs and seven RBI in Wednesday's 12-6 win over the Nationals.

Bregman is officially on fire as he recorded his first career three-homer game and just his second multi-homer game of the season. The seven RBI are also a new career best. The veteran third baseman is now up to 16 long balls overall, and he's sporting a robust 1.123 OPS in 11 games this month with five of those home runs and 14 RBI. Bregman has quickly put a sluggish start to the year behind him, and based on his recent performance, he could end up being a fantasy league-winner down the stretch.

Lane Thomas OF • ATL
Braves' Lane Thomas: Hits first homer with new club
by RotoWire
(7 mins ago) Thomas went 1-for-2 with a solo home run in Wednesday's 6-3 win over the Mets.

Thomas opened the scoring with a 412-foot blast in the second inning before being lifted in favor of Mike Yastrzemski in the seventh. It marked his first homer in eight games since being traded to Atlanta, where the 30-year-old Thomas has gone 3-for-13 while starting four of those contests. On the year, he's slashing .230/.326/.399 with 11 long balls, 39 RBI, 34 runs scored and seven steals across 341 plate appearances with Atlanta and Kansas City.

David Peterson P • CHC
Cubs' David Peterson: Nabs fifth seventh win
by RotoWire
(11 mins ago) Peterson (7-7) earned the win against the Nationals on Wednesday, allowing four runs (three earned) on nine hits and three walks in six innings. He struck out five.

Peterson got knocked around a bit Wednesday, but he hung in there for his sixth consecutive start of at least five innings. The southpaw has conceded three runs or fewer in all but one of first eight outings for the Cubs, though the one exception was a 10-run implosion versus St. Louis on July 3. Peterson has a 4.19 ERA, 1.37 WHIP and 31:16 K:BB over 43 innings for the Cubs ahead of his next scheduled appearance against the crosstown-rival White Sox.

Austin Riley 3B • ATL
Braves' Austin Riley: Homer, three hits in win
by RotoWire
(21 mins ago) Riley went 3-for-4 with a solo home run, a double and an additional run scored in Wednesday's 6-3 win over the Mets.

Riley fell a triple shy of the cycle, highlighted by a 438-foot blast in the seventh inning. It continued a red-hot August for the third baseman, who's hitting .351 with seven extra-base hits, eight RBI and seven runs scored through 11 games this month. On the year, he's slashing .225/.299/.375 with 15 homers, 58 RBI, 50 runs scored and seven steals across 482 plate appearances.

Gleyber Torres 2B • DET
Tigers' Gleyber Torres: Homers in loss Wednesday
by RotoWire
(22 mins ago) Torres went 2-for-5 with a solo home run in Wednesday's 6-4 loss to the Guardians.

Torres was the only Detroit player with multiple hits and he also delivered his eighth home run of the season in the third inning, which gave the Tigers a short-lived 3-2 lead. The veteran infielder batted leadoff in this one for the first time since Aug. 2, with Kevin McGonigle sliding down from first to third in the lineup against lefty Foster Griffin. Whether he's batting leadoff or not, Torres should regularly occupy a spot near the top of Detroit's order most days, and he should remain a steady if not spectacular fantasy performer.

Garrett Whitlock P • BOS
Red Sox's Garrett Whitlock: Dealing with elbow inflammation
by RotoWire
(23 mins ago) Whitlock was unavailable for Wednesday's game against the Blue Jays due to elbow inflammation, Chris Cotillo of MassLive.com reports.

Interim manager Chad Tracy said after the game that Whitlock has been dealing with a nagging elbow issue for a while. The 30-year-old right-hander is scheduled to undergo further evaluation Thursday, at which point the team may know whether he has to spend time on the injured list.

Tyler Mahle P • ATL
Braves' Tyler Mahle: Strikes out seven in win
by RotoWire
(25 mins ago) Mahle (4-9) earned the win against the Mets on Wednesday, allowing one run on four hits and no walks with seven strikeouts over six innings.

Mahle cruised through five scoreless innings before surrendering a solo homer in the sixth, throwing 58 of 93 pitches for strikes with 15 whiffs. A change of scenery has benefited the 31-year-old, who's allowed just one earned run while racking up 16 strikeouts across two quality starts since joining Atlanta at the trade deadline. Overall, he owns a 4.64 ERA, 1.32 WHIP and 105:39 K:BB across 106.2 innings between Atlanta and San Francisco this season. With Reynaldo Lopez (knee) expected to return from the injured list soon, it's unclear when Mahle will make his next appearance with his new club.

Zach Thornton P • NYM
Mets' Zac Thornton: Logs quality start in loss
by RotoWire
(34 mins ago) Thornton (3-3) took the loss against Atlanta on Wednesday, allowing three runs on seven hits and one walk with two strikeouts over six innings.

Thornton threw just 47 of 80 pitches for strikes with six whiffs but battled to earn his fifth quality start in eight outings with the Mets. The 24-year-old has now yielded three earned runs or fewer on seven occasions, though he sports a lackluster 7:6 K:BB over three August starts. He'll carry a 2.78 ERA, 1.10 WHIP and 29:13 K:BB across 45.1 innings this season into a home matchup with the Padres next week.

Cole Young 2B • SEA
Mariners' Cole Young: Leaves with dizziness
by RotoWire
(41 mins ago) Young was removed from Wednesday's game against the Yankees due to dizziness, Ryan Divish of The Seattle Times reports.

Young went 1-for-4 with a run scored before coming out of the game in the seventh inning. Leo Rivas would likely be next in line to start at second base if Young needs to miss additional time, but he doesn't seem to be dealing with anything that would cause him to spend time on the IL.

Robbie Ray P • SD
Padres' Robbie Ray: Goes four innings Wednesday
by RotoWire
(2 hrs ago) Ray did not factor into the decision Wednesday against the Brewers, allowing two runs on two hits and three walks over four innings. He struck out four.

Ray's now given up six runs in nine innings through his first two starts with San Diego after posting a 1.09 ERA over his final eight outings (49.1 innings) with the Giants before the trade deadline. Overall, Ray is 10-7 on the season with a 3.28 ERA, 1.33 WHIP and 113:65 K:BB across 131.2 innings. He'll look to turn things around his next time out, tentatively slated to come next week on the road against the Mets.

More Player News