source: https://buecker.baseball.cbssports.com/players/all-player-updates
captured: 2026-08-25T13:05:03
---
Ethan Pecko P • HOU
Astros' Ethan Pecko: Receiving another start
by RotoWire
(12 mins ago) Pecko is slated to start Tuesday's game against the Yankees in New York.

Despite a poor showing in his MLB debut last Wednesday against the Angels -- he struck out four and gave up two runs on three hits and three walks over 3.2 innings -- Pecko will end up receiving another turn through the Houston rotation. Though the Yankees rank 28th in the majors with an 80 wRC+ since the All-Star break, Pecko won't make for a comfortable streaming option coming off an underwhelming performance versus the 30th-ranked Angels (75 wRC+). Pecko could be headed back to Triple-A Sugar Land following Tuesday's start, as Mike Burrows (elbow) has pitched well in his first two rehab outings and could be ready to come off the injured list by the end of the week to replace Pecko in the rotation.

Carson Whisenhunt P • SF
Giants' Carson Whisenhunt: Undergoing MRI on elbow
by RotoWire
(1 hr ago) Whisenhunt will undergo an MRI on his left elbow Tuesday, Shayna Rubin of the San Francisco Chronicle reports.

Whisenhunt was forced to exit Monday's start against the Reds in the third inning due to discomfort in his pitching elbow. The lefty previously suffered an elbow sprain in 2023, but he noted after Monday's contest of his current pain that he's "never felt anything like this." The Giants should have more on Whisenhunt's status later Tuesday.

Drew Gilbert OF • SF
Giants' Drew Gilbert: Logs two doubles in win
by RotoWire
(1 hr ago) Gilbert went 2-for-4 with two doubles and two runs scored in Monday's 5-0 win over the Reds.

Gilbert hit a leadoff ground-rule double in the first inning before coming around to score, and he added another double in the second before scoring again. The 25-year-old outfielder has recorded four multi-hit performances in August, during which he's batting .250 with 13 runs scored, 10 RBI, three home runs and a stolen base in 68 plate appearances. Overall, he's slashing .239/.322/.379 with 38 runs scored, 31 RBI, seven long balls and a stolen base across 319 plate appearances this season.

Grant McCray OF • SF
Giants' Grant McCray: Triples in win
by RotoWire
(1 hr ago) McCray went 1-for-3 with a triple in Monday's 5-0 win over the Reds.

McCray was recalled from Triple-A Sacramento on Monday and lined a leadoff triple to right field in the fourth inning. He recorded his first triple with the parent club this season and his first hit with the Giants since July 30. Over 50 plate appearances with San Francisco in 2026, he's slashing .100/.234/.225 with six runs scored, four stolen bases, two RBI and a home run.

Jesus Rodriguez C • SF
Giants' Jesus Rodriguez: Begins rehab assignment
by RotoWire
(1 hr ago) Rodriguez (elbow) went 0-for-4 in Triple-A Sacramento's 3-1 loss to Tacoma on Sunday.

Before Sunday, Rodriguez hadn't played since July 31 due to right elbow neuritis. Although he failed to record a hit in his return to game action, he's trending in the right direction after beginning a rehab assignment. The Giants are plagued by injuries right now, and the versatile 24-year-old could carve out a steady role once he's reinstated.

Matt Gage P • SF
Giants' Matt Gage: Allows one run in rehab appearance
by RotoWire
(1 hr ago) Gage (elbow) allowed one earned run on two hits and one walk across one inning in Triple-A Sacramento's 15-11 loss to Tacoma on Saturday.

Gage was placed on the 15-day injured list July 4 due to a left elbow strain before being transferred to the 60-day IL on Aug. 2. The 33-year-old southpaw started Saturday's contest, giving up back-to-back singles to open the game before surrendering a run. He threw 10 of his 18 pitches for strikes. Over 34 big-league appearances before landing on the injured list, Gage posted a 5.60 ERA, 1.65 WHIP and 22:17 K:BB across 27.1 innings.

Calvin Faucher P • MIA
Marlins' Calvin Faucher: Could see ninth-inning opportunities
by RotoWire
(2 hrs ago) Faucher could be part of a closing committee for the Marlins if Pete Fairbanks (hand) requires another IL stint, Christina De Nicola of MLB.com reports.

Fairbanks left Monday's game with a recurrence of a nerve issue in his pitching hand, a condition which first landed him on the IL in late April. Faucher, who led Miami with 15 saves in 2025, figures to be in the mix for closing opportunities in Fairbanks' absence, along with Michael Petersen and Josh Ekness. "I think we'll just go into each day with -- on the pitching side -- what we have available and kind of what we can ask of them, and where we think it's the best place to go put guys," manager Clayton McCullough said after Monday's game. "[The] good thing is that a number of our guys have experienced pitching in a lot of different spots. So I think we'll just lean on that and go out there with the ones that we have available each day."

Michael Petersen P • MIA
Marlins' Michael Petersen: Might be in line for save chances
by RotoWire
(2 hrs ago) Petersen could be part of a closing committee for the Marlins if Pete Fairbanks (hand) requires another IL stint, Christina De Nicola of MLB.com reports.

Fairbanks left Monday's game with a recurrence of a nerve issue in his pitching hand, a condition which first landed him on the IL in late April. Petersen, who leads Miami with 22 holds on the season, figures to be in the mix for closing opportunities in Fairbanks' absence, along with Calvin Faucher and Josh Ekness. "I think we'll just go into each day with -- on the pitching side -- what we have available and kind of what we can ask of them, and where we think it's the best place to go put guys," manager Clayton McCullough said after Monday's game. "[The] good thing is that a number of our guys have experienced pitching in a lot of different spots. So I think we'll just lean on that and go out there with the ones that we have available each day."

Josh Ekness P • MIA
Marlins' Josh Ekness: Could be in saves mix
by RotoWire
(2 hrs ago) Ekness could be part of a closing committee for the Marlins if Pete Fairbanks (hand) requires another IL stint, Christina De Nicola of MLB.com reports.

Fairbanks left Monday's game with a recurrence of a nerve issue in his pitching hand, a condition which first landed him on the IL in late April. Ekness, who worked the eighth inning Monday but got charged with a blown save after allowing the tying run in an eventual 4-2 loss to the Red Sox, figures to be in the mix for closing opportunities in Fairbanks' absence, along with Michael Petersen and Calvin Faucher. "I think we'll just go into each day with -- on the pitching side -- what we have available and kind of what we can ask of them, and where we think it's the best place to go put guys," manager Clayton McCullough said after Monday's game. "[The] good thing is that a number of our guys have experienced pitching in a lot of different spots. So I think we'll just lean on that and go out there with the ones that we have available each day." Through his first 15 appearances and 16 big-league innings this season, Ekness has a 1.69 ERA, 1.13 WHIP and 11:7 K:BB with one win, one save and one hold.

Tyler Zuber P • MIA
Marlins' Tyler Zuber: Falters in ninth inning Monday
by RotoWire
(2 hrs ago) Zuber gave up a run on two hits in one-third of an inning during Monday's loss to the Red Sox.

Summoned from the bullpen with one on and nobody out in the ninth inning of a 2-2 tie after Pete Fairbanks (hand) had to exit the game, Zuber allowed the inherited runner to score on an Anthony Seigler triple before Nick Sogard added an RBI single. Fairbanks seems likely to head back to the IL due to a recurrence of a nerve issue in his pitching hand, but Zuber would likely be behind Josh Ekness, Michael Petersen and Calvin Faucher in the pecking order for save chances should that happen. On the season, Zuber's posted a 3.62 ERA, 1.35 WHIP and 30:6 K:BB over 27.1 innings with two wins, six holds and one save in 31 appearances.

More Player News