source: https://buecker.baseball.cbssports.com/players/all-player-updates
captured: 2026-09-16T18:56:53
---
David Bednar P • NYY
Yankees' David Bednar: Stuck with fourth blown save
by RotoWire
(9 mins ago) Bednar was charged with his fourth blown save of the season in Wednesday's 5-4 extra-innings loss to the Twins, giving up two unearned runs on three hits over two innings. He struck out two without walking a batter.

The Yankees closer got the call in extra innings and had one-run leads to protect in both the 10th and 11th frames, but each time Bednar couldn't prevent the phantom runner from crossing the plate. It was a tough way to see his streak of seven straight save conversions come to an end, but the veteran righty has still been tagged for earned runs in only two of his last 13 appearances, posting a 2.45 ERA, 1.02 WHIP and 16:1 K:BB through 14.2 innings during that span with two wins and eight saves. With a team day off Thursday, Bednar's heavy usage Wednesday may not affect his availability heading into this weekend's road series in Arizona.

Spencer Arrighetti P • TOR
Blue Jays' Spencer Arrighetti: Mops up in Tuesday's loss
by RotoWire
(11 mins ago) Arrighetti struck out two and gave up two unearned runs on one hit and two walks over two innings of relief in Tuesday's 10-1 loss to the Tigers.

Arrighetti made his second consecutive relief appearance, pitching on two days' rest as part of a bullpen game. The Blue Jays didn't turn to Arrighetti until they were down 6-0 in the top of the seventh, with his usage in a mop-up role likely indicating that he's lost his grip on a rotation spot. Since being acquired from the Astros at the trade deadline, Arrighetti has submitted a 6.20 ERA, 1.52 WHIP and 17:12 K:BB in 20.1 innings across six appearances.

Carlos Rodon P • NYY
Yankees' Carlos Rodon: Quality start goes to waste Wednesday
by RotoWire
(14 mins ago) Rodon didn't factor into the decision in Wednesday's 5-4 extra-innings loss to the Twins, allowing two runs on four hits and three walks over six innings. He struck out five.

The veteran lefty left the mound after 102 pitches (59 strikes) with the Yankees down 2-0, but they were able to tie it up in the ninth and take Rodon off the hook for his fourth loss, only to eventually lose it in 13 frames. Rodon has produced back-to-back quality starts, giving him five on the season in 15 trips to the mound, and since coming off the IL in mid-August he's delivered a 2.40 ERA, 0.93 WHIP and 31:12 K:BB over 30 innings. He lines up to make what will likely be his final start of the regular season at home next week against the Rays, in a game that could still have huge significance in the race for the AL East title.

Louie Varland P • TOR
Blue Jays' Louis Varland: Notches 34th save
by RotoWire
(21 mins ago) Varland earned the save in Wednesday's 5-1 win over the Tigers, striking out two in a scoreless ninth inning.

After Spencer Miles gave up a single and a walk to open the ninth, the Blue Jays turned to Varland who promptly recorded the final three outs, locking down his 34th save this season. It was a nice rebound effort from Varland, who gave up a run in a blown save against Detroit his last time out. The right-hander now sports a 1.30 ERA with a 1.00 WHIP and 95:22 K:BB across 76 innings this season.

Riley O'Brien P • STL
Cardinals' Riley O'Brien: Troubles continue in ninth loss
by RotoWire
(21 mins ago) O'Brien (3-9) took the loss Wednesday as the Cardinals were downed 6-5 in 10 innings by the Giants, giving up two runs (one earned) on two hits and a walk in an inning of work. He failed to strike out a batter.

With the game tied 4-4, O'Brien got the call in the top of the 10th inning but hung a first-pitch slider to Drew Gilbert, who launched it 415 feet to right-center field for a game-winning homer. It's only the fifth long ball of the season O'Brien has served up, but three of them have come since Aug. 23, a 10-inning stretch that's seen him blow three of seven save chances and get tagged for five losses while stumbling to a 10.80 ERA, 2.30 WHIP and 9:7 K:BB. The right-hander's late-season struggles could prompt St. Louis to look for another closing option to begin the 2027 campaign, despite his career-high 37 saves this season.

Max Scherzer P • TOR
Blue Jays' Max Scherzer: Rebounds for third win
by RotoWire
(27 mins ago) Scherzer (3-8) earned the win Wednesday against the Tigers, allowing a run on three hits and three walks over five innings. He struck out three.

It was a strong bounce-back effort from Scherzer, after he gave up six runs over five innings in a loss to Baltimore his last time out. The veteran right-hander gave up a two-out run in the first inning before settling in and blanking Detroit over his final four frames. Scherzer's ERA now sits at 6.07 through 16 starts (72.2 innings) this season with a 1.36 WHIP and 54:31 K:BB. He's currently in line to face the Orioles on the road his next time out.

Matthew Liberatore P • STL
Cardinals' Matthew Liberatore: Delivers quality start Wednesday
by RotoWire
(27 mins ago) Liberatore didn't factor into the decision in Wednesday's 6-5 extra-inning loss to the Giants, allowing one run on six hits and three walks over six innings. He struck out two.

The left-hander tossed 51 of 81 pitches for strikes en route to his seventh quality start of the season, but he exited the mound in line for his 15th loss with the Cardinals down 1-0, before the two bullpens took turns making a mess. It's just the second time in his last eight outings that Liberatore has lasted six innings, a bumpy stretch that's seen him post a 6.42 ERA, 1.48 WHIP and 41:14 K:BB through 40.2 innings. He'll look to wrap up his regular season on a high note, on the road next week in Pittsburgh.

Blake Snell P • LAD
Dodgers' Blake Snell: Lifted due to groin injury
by RotoWire
(31 mins ago) Snell was removed from the first inning of Wednesday's start against the Reds due to left groin tightness.

Snell went to the clubhouse with trainers after the first inning, and further tests revealed that the veteran southpaw picked up a groin injury during Wednesday's start. He'll need to be evaluated further to determine the severity of the injury, but Fabian Ardaya of The Athletic points out that Snell has a history of left groin/adductor injuries. That puts Snell in danger of missing the rest of the regular season and jeopardizes his availability for the playoffs.

Joel Kuhnel P • SF
Giants' Joel Kuhnel: Makes history with eighth save
by RotoWire
(34 mins ago) Kuhnel gave up an unearned run on two walks in the 10th inning Wednesday to record his eighth save of the season in a 6-5 win over the Cardinals.

It was his second save in six appearances for the Giants since being claimed off waivers from the Brewers, although Kuhnel couldn't stop the phantom runner from crossing the plate in the 10th. In the process, the 31-year-old right-hander became the first player in MLB history to record multiple saves for three different teams in the same season, after he picked up four for the A's and two for Milwaukee earlier in the year. Both Dylan Smith and Trent Harris had pitched earlier in the contest, with Harris getting a hold and Smith blowing the save in the ninth, so the closing picture in San Francisco remains as muddled as ever.

Jonah Cox OF • SF
Giants' Jonah Cox: Busy on basepaths Wednesday
by RotoWire
(40 mins ago) Cox went 3-for-4 with a walk, a run scored, an RBI and two stolen bases in Wednesday's 6-5 extra-inning win over the Cardinals.

The rookie outfielder had an impressive afternoon as the leadoff hitter for the Giants, and Cox is up to 13 steals in his first 53 big-league contests to go along with a .294/.333/.445 slash line, four homers, 13 RBI and 24 runs. Speed has always been his calling card -- he swiped more than 50 bags in both 2024 and 2025 in the minors -- but he's showing he can be more than a one-dimensional player at the top level.

More Player News