source: https://buecker.baseball.cbssports.com/players/all-player-updates
captured: 2026-08-29T18:55:07
---
Wilyer Abreu OF • BOS
Red Sox's Wilyer Abreu: Sets new career homer mark
by RotoWire
(4 mins ago) Abreu went 1-for-5 with a solo home run in Saturday's 6-0 win over the Yankees in the first game of a doubleheader.

The Red Sox had all the runs they needed in the first inning, when Abreu turned on a sinker from left-hander Carlos Rodon for his 23rd home run of the season. That sets a new career high for the outfielder, who snapped an 11-game home run drought. He was often benched against lefties the last couple of seasons, but Abreu has held his own against southpaws in 2026, posting a .908 OPS against them.

Zach Agnos P • COL
Rockies' Zach Agnos: Fares well as opener
by RotoWire
(7 mins ago) Agnos didn't factor into the decision against Atlanta on Saturday, allowing no runs on two hits and one walk in 2.2 relief innings. He struck out one.

The Rockies went with a bullpen game, and Agnos opened the contest as well as Colorado could have hoped for. It was the right-hander's third starting assignment of the year, and he's been effective with a 1.69 ERA, 1.03 WHIP and 6:5 K:BB in 10.2 innings out of the rotation versus a 6.09 ERA, 1.49 WHIP and 46:22 K:BB across 68 innings from the bullpen. He's worked at least five innings just one time this season and has yet to reach the 80-pitch marker, so Agnos may struggle for streaming appeal if he draws another start.

Louie Varland P • TOR
Blue Jays' Louis Varland: Secures 31st save
by RotoWire
(7 mins ago) Varland picked up the save in Saturday's 4-3 win over Seattle, striking out one batter in a scoreless ninth inning.

The Blue Jays rallied from a 3-0 deficit to score four runs across the fifth and sixth innings, prompting the call for Varland to close things out in the ninth. The right-hander needed 12 pitches (eight strikes) to secure the save, striking out Taylor Ward in the process. Varland has logged a save in seven of his last eight outings and is up to 31 saves on the year, which is tied with David Bednar for fifth-most in the majors. Varland sports a 1.18 ERA, 0.98 wHIP and 84:18 K:BB over 68.2 innings this season.

Gabriel Moreno C • ARI
Diamondbacks' Gabriel Moreno: Sitting for nightcap
by RotoWire
(12 mins ago) Moreno is not in the Diamondbacks' starting lineup for the second game of Saturday's doubleheader against the Giants.

Moreno went 2-for-3 with a walk and a run scored in Game 1, a 7-1 win for Arizona. He'll be idle for the second game of the twin bill, with James McCann starting behind home plate and batting seventh.

Garrett Whitlock P • BOS
Red Sox's Garrett Whitlock: Throws clean inning in return
by RotoWire
(13 mins ago) Whitlock struck out one over a scoreless inning and picked up a hold in Saturday's 6-0 win over the Yankees in the first game of a doubleheader.

Whitlock was reinstated from the injured list Saturday and put to work immediately in the eighth inning of a close game. The Red Sox led 2-0 at the time, which fits his role as a setup reliever for closer Aroldis Chapman, picking up his 22nd hgold. It turns out the closer wasn't need as Boston scored four times in the top of the ninth. Whitlock entered the game with a 1.21 ERA and 0.67 WHIP with a 32:1 K:BB over his previous 31 outings (29.2 innings).

Jose Soriano P • TOR
Blue Jays' Jose Soriano: Picks up 11th win of 2026
by RotoWire
(15 mins ago) Soriano (11-7) earned the win against the Mariners on Saturday, allowing three runs on five hits and two walks while striking out six across seven innings.

Soriano gave up an early homer to Cal Raleigh before giving up another two runs in the fourth. Soriano was able to settle in to keep the Mariners off the board over his last three innings, and he received enough run support from his Blue Jays teammates to come away with his second win in five starts with Toronto. Since joining the Blue Jays, Soriano has a 4.13 ERA,1.38 WHIP and 22:10 K:BB over 28.1 innings. His next start is lined up for next weekend on the road against the Guardians.

Yunior Marte P • SF
Giants' Yunior Marte: Making major-league debut Saturday
by RotoWire
(36 mins ago) Marte is scheduled to start in the second leg of the Giants' doubleheader against the Diamondbacks on Saturday, Susan Slusser of the San Francisco Chronicle reports.

The Giants need another arm for Saturday's nightcap, and while a corresponding move has yet to be announced, it will be the 22-year-old Marte who toes the rubber for Game 2. The right-hander has split his time between High-A Eugene and Double-Richmond, combining for an 8-5 record over 22 games (20 starts) with a 3.85 ERA, 1.29 WHIP and 113:41 K:BB over 107.2 innings.

Luis Rengifo 2B,3B,OF • SD
Padres' Luis Rengifo: Sprains knee in Saturday's loss
by RotoWire
(44 mins ago) Rengifo was removed from Saturday's 7-6 loss to the Rays due to a right knee sprain.

Rengifo appeared to injure his knee in the seventh inning while attempting to throw to home plate. He's flying back to San Diego, where he'll undergo further tests to determine the severity of the knee injury and establish a recovery timeline. Austin Hays and Gavin Sheets would both be in line for more playing time if Rengifo were to miss extended time.

Ethan Pecko P • HOU
Astros' Ethan Pecko: Starting Sunday
by RotoWire
(50 mins ago) Pecko will start for the Astros in Sunday's series finale against the Mets, Chandler Rome of The Athletic reports.

Mike Burrows (elbow) made his third rehab outing this past Wednesday, so Pecko will get one more in the rotation until the former is officially cleared to return from the injured list. Pecko has struggled over the first two games of his major-league career, allowing seven runs on eight hits (including two homers) and seven walks while striking out five across eight innings.

Hoby Milner P • CHC
Cubs' Hoby Milner: Designated for assignment
by RotoWire
(1 hr ago) The Cubs designated Milner for assignment Saturday, Bruce Levine of 670TheScore.com reports.

The Cubs placed Milner on outright waivers Friday in an effort to shed some payroll, but now that the 35-year-old has cleared waivers, the team will opt to remove him from its 40-man roster. He owns a 3.53 ERA and 1.21 WHIP through 35.2 innings in the majors this season but hasn't pitched in the majors since undergoing an appendectomy in late June. He gave up three earned runs in 10.2 innings during his rehab assignment at Triple-A.

More Player News