source: https://buecker.baseball.cbssports.com/players/all-player-updates
captured: 2026-09-27T09:41:33
---
Seth Johnson P • ATH
Athletics' Seth Johnson: Serving as opener Sunday
by RotoWire
(14 mins ago) Johnson will serve as the Athletics' opening pitcher for Sunday's game against the Astros, Martin Gallegos of MLB.com reports.

Sunday is Brady Basso's turn in the rotation, so the Athletics may look to use him in bulk relief once Johnson exits the contest. Johnson has worked exclusively as a reliever this season between stops in the big leagues with the Phillies and Athletics, maxing out at 2.2 innings and 50 pitches over his 27 appearances.

Peter Lambert P • HOU
Astros' Peter Lambert: Starting on short rest in finale
by RotoWire
(23 mins ago) Lambert will start Sunday's game against the Athletics in Sacramento, Chandler Rome of The Athletic reports.

Lambert was believed to have made his final appearance of the regular season during his 2.2-inning start in Thursday's series opener, but since the Astros have yet to punch their ticket to the postseason, he'll end up getting the ball on two days' rest in Game 162. The Astros will clinch the AL West title with a win or a Rangers loss, so the team is expected to make all of its top pitchers available for Sunday's contest. Given that he's pitching on short rest, Lambert is unlikely to work deep enough into the game to qualify for a win.

Tommy White 1B,3B • ATH
Athletics' Tommy White: Tallies two hits in loss
by RotoWire
(28 mins ago) White went 2-for-3 with an RBI in Saturday's 13-2 loss to Houston.

White tallied a pair of hits, including an RBI single in the seventh inning with the contest already well out of hand. The rookie has logged 12 multi-hit games, with three such efforts coming in September. In 55 games, White is slashing .257/.275/.332 with three homers, 10 RBI and 19 runs while seeing action at both first base and third base.

Kirby Yates P • PIT
Pirates' Kirby Yates: Announces retirement
by RotoWire
(31 mins ago) Yates announced his retirement from Major League Baseball following Saturday's 4-3 loss to the Tigers.

Yates wrapped up his 12-year MLB career with 1.2 scoreless innings as the opener Saturday, allowing two hits while striking out one batter. He made 46 appearances this season between the Angels and Pirates, posting a 3.19 ERA, 1.20 WHIP and 49:17 K:BB over 42.1 innings. The right-hander also tallied three saves to bring his career total to 101, with 41 of those saves coming in 2019 when he led the majors in the category.

Ezequiel Tovar SS • COL
Rockies' Ezequiel Tovar: Smacks 13th homer
by RotoWire
(32 mins ago) Tovar went 2-for-4 with a solo home run Saturday against the White Sox.

Tovar blasted his 13th home run of the season in the fourth inning of Saturday's win. It has been a disappointing season overall, but he has managed to end the campaign in relatively strong form with a .302 average, three homers and 13 runs scored across 19 games in September.

Justin Wrobleski P • LAD
Dodgers' Justin Wrobleski: Back in bullpen
by RotoWire
(32 mins ago) Wrobleski has made his last two appearances out of the Los Angeles bullpen, covering 1.2 innings while striking out one batter and allowing one earned run on four hits in outings Tuesday and Thursday against the Padres.

Wrobleski most recently started Sept. 17 against the Reds and tossed three perfect innings, but the strong performance didn't result in him earning any additional turns through the rotation. With the Dodgers locked in as the No. 2 spot in the National League playoffs heading into Sunday's regular-season finale against the Giants, Wrobleski could be a candidate to cover multiple innings as a starter or bulk reliever as the team aims to rest most of its key pitchers for the postseason.

Cole Carrigg SS,OF • COL
Rockies' Cole Carrigg: Keeps up hot September
by RotoWire
(38 mins ago) Carrigg went 3-for-5 with a double, one RBI and two runs scored Saturday against the White Sox.

It was a big offensive day for the Rockies, and Carrigg did his part with his ninth multi-hit performance across 23 games in September. Much of that production has come at Coors Field, but Carrigg contributed an RBI single in the ninth inning while also tallying his 22nd double of the season in Saturday's win at Rate Field. Overall, Carrigg is ending his rookie season in strong form, hitting .330 with five homers, 16 RBI and 11 runs scored for the month.

Jac Caglianone 1B,OF • KC
Royals' Jac Caglianone: Drives in two runs Saturday
by RotoWire
(39 mins ago) Caglianone went 2-for-4 with two doubles, two RBI and two runs scored in Saturday's 11-5 loss to the Guardians.

Caglianone laced a pair of doubles, one in the first inning and another in the eighth frame, each of which brought in a run. The 23-year-old is closing the season strong, going 12-for-24 (.500) with five RBI, six runs and a stolen base over his past six contests. On the year, Caglianone is hitting .287/.339/.492 with 23 homers, 75 RBI, 72 runs and seven stolen bases in 142 games.

Carson Seymour P • SF
Giants' Carson Seymour: Drawing start in bullpen game
by RotoWire
(42 mins ago) Seymour is slated to start Sunday's game against the Dodgers in what's likely to be a bullpen day.

Seymour made nine starts at Triple-A Sacramento earlier in the season but has made all 24 of his appearances with the Giants to date out of the bullpen. He hasn't recorded more than five outs in any outing since Aug. 15, so the right-hander may be in line for just a 1-to-2-inning start in the season finale.

Richard Palacios 2B,OF • TB
Rays' Richie Palacios: Drives in four in rout
by RotoWire
(1 hr ago) Palacios went 2-for-4 with a double, a walk and four RBI in Saturday's 12-1 win over the Phillies.

Palacios drove in runs in three separate trips to the plate, highlighted by a two-run single in the sixth inning. The 29-year-old has been swinging a hot bat in September, hitting .306 with five homers and 18 RBI while also swiping six bags. With one game left in the regular season, he's slashing .238/.333/.378 with 10 home runs, 57 RBI, 51 runs scored and 17 steals across a career-high 395 plate appearances.

More Player News