source: https://buecker.baseball.cbssports.com/players/all-player-updates
captured: 2026-09-14T18:09:33
---
Bobby Miller P • LAD
Dodgers' Bobby Miller: Rejoins big-league bullpen
by RotoWire
(27 mins ago) The Dodgers recalled Miller from Triple-A Oklahoma City on Monday.

Miller made one appearance for the Dodgers earlier this month, allowing one run over three innings of work. He was knocked around for five runs over 1.2 innings in his last outing at Oklahoma City and will be utilized in low-leverage situations in the Dodgers bullpen.

Edgardo Henriquez P • LAD
Dodgers' Edgardo Henriquez: Shelved by back issue
by RotoWire
(33 mins ago) The Dodgers placed Henriquez on the 15-day injured list Monday with low-back discomfort.

The transaction means Henriquez's regular season is over, though there's a good chance he will be back once the playoffs roll around. Henriquez has had a breakout season in the Dodgers' bullpen, accruing a 2.85 ERA and 71:25 K:BB over 60 innings.

A.J. Smith-Shawver P • ATL
Braves' AJ Smith-Shawver: Shifting to bullpen
by RotoWire
(1 hr ago) Atlanta manager Walt Weiss said Monday that Smith-Shawver is moving to the team's bullpen, Jesus Cano of The Athletic reports.

Smith-Shawver has struggled in his five starts with the big club this season, collecting a 7.71 ERA, 1.81 WHIP and 18:13 K:BB over 21 innings. His stuff could play up in the bullpen, and Atlanta wants to give Smith-Shawver a trial run in a relief role down the stretch to see if he can help in that capacity in the playoffs.

Aaron Judge OF • NYY
Yankees' Aaron Judge: Day off expected Wednesday
by RotoWire
(1 hr ago) Yankees manager Aaron Boone said Monday that he tentatively plans to give Judge a day off for Wednesday's series finale in Minnesota, Greg Joyce of the New York Post reports.

The Yankees have eased Judge back into full-time duty since he returned from a three-plus month absence, giving him one day off and pulling him early from two games last week. Boone plans to give the slugger one more day off Wednesday, and after that Judge is expected to be full-go. Judge is 3-for-17 with a 1:9 BB:K in five contests since returning from his rib injury.

Edwin Diaz P • LAD
Dodgers' Edwin Diaz: Reinstatement timeline undetermined
by RotoWire
(1 hr ago) Dodgers manager Dave Roberts said Monday that Diaz (neck) "hasn't been good" on his rehab assignment and "needs to pitch better" before the team considers returning him to the active roster, Sonja Chen of MLB.com reports.

Roberts gave up five runs on two hits and three walks while recording only two outs in his last rehab appearance with Triple-A Oklahoma City on Sunday, and he's allowed six runs with a 4:7 K:BB in 3.1 rehab innings. Diaz has been out since mid-August with neck inflammation, and while his health no longer is a concern, the Dodgers need to see the reliever pitching better before activating him. If/when Diaz does return, he will likely be used in low-leverage spots, at least initially.

Colt Keith 2B,3B • DET
Tigers' Colt Keith: Scratched with thumb injury
by RotoWire
(1 hr ago) Keith was scratched from Monday's lineup against Toronto due to left thumb soreness.

The injury may have flared up during the Tigers' weekend series against the Rockies, and Hao-Yu Lee will now start at third base Monday and bat ninth. Keith will undergo more tests so that the medical staff can determine a recovery timeline, but the 25-year-old infielder can be considered day-to-day for now.

Roki Sasaki P • LAD
Dodgers' Roki Sasaki: Status for Thursday still TBD
by RotoWire
(1 hr ago) Dodgers manager Dave Roberts said that Sasaki (finger) threw a bullpen session Monday and is under consideration to start Thursday's game in Cincinnati, Maddie Lee of the Los Angeles Times reports.

Sasaki wore Dermabond on his right middle finger to protect against a recurrence of the blister that sent him to the 15-day injured list in late August. While Sasaki seemed to come out of his bullpen session OK, Roberts wasn't ready to lock him into Thursday's start yet, noting that "we just can't put him in a position to go backwards." Sasaki threw a simulated game last week but would likely have workload restrictions if he's cleared to start Thursday.

Samad Taylor OF • SD
Padres' Samad Taylor: Idle Monday
by RotoWire
(1 hr ago) Taylor is not in the Padres' starting lineup against the Rockies on Monday.

Taylor will be on the bench for Monday's contest while Dustin Harris starts in left field and bats fifth. Taylor has gone 5-for-14 with two steals and three runs scored over his last four games and has a .775 OPS with nine steals, 11 RBI and five extra-base hits across 137 plate appearances this season.

Yilber Diaz P • DET
Tigers' Yilber Diaz: Optioned to Triple-A
by RotoWire
(1 hr ago) The Tigers optioned Diaz to Triple-A Toledo on Monday.

The move corresponds with the Tigers activating Keider Montero (personal) from the paternity list. In three outings since being recalled by Detroit on Aug. 31, Diaz has allowed four runs on four hits and three walks while striking out three across 4.1 innings.

Keider Montero P • DET
Tigers' Keider Montero: Back from paternity list
by RotoWire
(1 hr ago) The Tigers activated Montero (personal) from the paternity list Monday.

Montero was briefly away from the team for the birth of his daughter, but he's back with the Tigers and is tentatively lined up to face the Blue Jays on Wednesday, per Evan Woodbery of MLive.com. Montero has a 4-3 record across his 10 starts since the All-Star break with a 3.99 ERA and 1.07 WHIP over 49.2 innings.

More Player News