source: https://buecker.baseball.cbssports.com/players/all-player-updates
captured: 2026-08-15T13:03:41
---
Fernando Tatis Jr. 2B,OF • SD
Padres' Fernando Tatis: Mashes 13th homer Friday
by RotoWire
(8 mins ago) Tatis went 1-for-4 with a solo home run and a walk Friday in a 7-5 win over Cleveland.

Tatis' lone hit was a 404-foot solo homer to left field in fifth inning. The star outfielder appears to have discovered his power stroke this month -- he's gone deep five times across nine games since Aug. 5 after posting just eight long balls through his first 112 contests this season. Tatis has lifted his OPS over 30 points to .778 with the power surge, and he's now at 13 total long balls along with 28 stolen bases.

Chris Roycroft P • TB
Rays' Chris Roycroft: Dispatched to Triple-A
by RotoWire
(12 mins ago) The Rays optioned Roycroft to Triple-A Durham on Saturday.

Since coming up from the minors July 29, Roycroft has coughed up six earned runs on eight hits and two walks while fanning two batters in 4.1 innings. His poor performance will now cost him his place in the Rays' bullpen in favor of Joe Boyle.

Joe Boyle P • TB
Rays' Joe Boyle: Returns to majors
by RotoWire
(15 mins ago) The Rays recalled Boyle from Triple-A Durham on Saturday.

Boyle last pitched in the majors April 8 and has since accumulated a 9.13 ERA and 2.14 WHIP over 47.1 innings at Triple-A. He'll reclaim a spot in the big-league bullpen despite his poor performance, though he'll almost certainly be limited to low-leverage work. Chris Roycroft was optioned to Durham in a corresponding move.

Trevor Martin P • TB
Angels' Trevor Martin: Claimed by Halos
by RotoWire
(19 mins ago) The Angels claimed Martin off waivers from the Rays on Saturday and optioned him to Triple-A Salt Lake.

Martin was DFA'd by Tampa Bay on Thursday after putting up a 3.97 ERA and 1.59 WHIP in 11.1 innings with the Rays, but he'll now find a new home on the West Coast. The 25-year-old will begin his tenure with the Angels at Triple-A but could be promoted at some point later in the year to give the Halos a fresh bullpen arm.

Bobby Witt SS • KC
Royals' Bobby Witt: Scores twice Friday
by RotoWire
(22 mins ago) Witt went 1-for-3 with two runs scored and two walks in Friday's 7-6 win over the Angels.

Witt reached base three times, scoring twice as part of a winning effort for the Royals. The star shortstop has reached base safely in all 10 games since recovering from tightness in his lower back, slashing .342/.432/.421 with three doubles, three RBI, 11 runs and two stolen bases over that span. Overall, Witt is hitting .285/.358/.447 with 13 homers, 25 doubles, 42 RBI, 62 runs and 32 stolen bases across 104 contests.

Keibert Ruiz C • WAS
Nationals' Keibert Ruiz: Resting Saturday
by RotoWire
(23 mins ago) Ruiz isn't in the lineup for Saturday's game against the Mets, Mark Zuckerman of NatsJournal.com reports.

Ruiz will move to the bench after going 0-for-8 across the Nationals' last two games. Harry Ford will fill in at catcher and bat fifth.

Carlos Cortes OF • ATH
Athletics' Carlos Cortes: Tallies three RBI in win
by RotoWire
(29 mins ago) Cortes went 1-for-2 with a double, three RBI and a walk in Friday's 8-3 win over the Rangers.

Cortes came to the plate with the bases loaded in the first inning, lacing a bases-clearing double to give the Athletics an early 3-0 lead. The 29-year-old has racked up seven RBI over the past three games, matching the seven RBI he recorded across his previous 30 contests. Overall, Cortes is slashing .260/.337/.415 with seven homers, 35 RBI, 23 runs and two stolen bases across 91 games this season.

Aaron Judge OF • NYY
Yankees' Aaron Judge: Cleared to throw
by RotoWire
(36 mins ago) Judge (ribs) began playing catch Friday, Gary Phillips of the New York Daily News reports.

The Yankees have been gradually ramping up Judge's activity workload, and his return to throwing represents his latest significant sign of progress. Manager Aaron Boone said Saturday that the star slugger could be cleared to return in about a month but noted that Judge remains without an official timeline, as his fractured rib still hasn't quite fully healed.

Lazaro Estrada P • TOR
Blue Jays' Lazaro Estrada: Designated for assignment
by RotoWire
(51 mins ago) The Blue Jays designated Estrada for assignment Saturday, Mitch Bannon of The Athletic reports.

After losing his place in Toronto's bullpen Friday, Estrada will now also give up his place on the 40-man roster to make room for Daz Cameron. Estrada has given up eight runs through 13 innings in the majors this season, but teams in need of bullpen depth may be intrigued by his 2.57 ERA in 28 innings at Triple-A.

Daz Cameron OF • MIL
Blue Jays' Daz Cameron: Contract selected
by RotoWire
(54 mins ago) The Blue Jays selected Cameron's contract from Triple-A Buffalo on Saturday, Mitch Bannon of The Athletic reports.

After spending the first few months of the season playing overseas in Korea, Cameron signed a minor-league deal with Toronto in July and has since slashed .367/.462/.582 with three homers, 15 RBI, 15 runs scored and 10 steals across 23 games. His offensive surge will now buy him another shot in the majors as the roster replacement for Vladimir Guerrero (concussion). Lazaro Estrada was designated for assignment in a corresponding move.

More Player News