source: https://buecker.baseball.cbssports.com/players/all-player-updates
captured: 2026-08-03T10:32:41
---
Andrew Alvarez P • WAS
Nationals' Andrew Alvarez: Recalled to start Monday's game
by RotoWire
(39 mins ago) The Nationals recalled Alvarez from Triple-A Rochester on Monday.

Alvarez will start Monday's game in Philadelphia. The left-hander had not made an appearance for Rochester after being sent there one week ago, so he'll be taking the ball Monday on six days' rest. Alvarez has logged a 4.06 ERA, 1.51 WHIP and 58:28 K:BB over seven starts and eight relief outings with the Nationals this season.

Bryce Harper 1B • PHI
Phillies' Bryce Harper: Moving back to outfield
by RotoWire
(1 hr ago) The Phillies plan to move Harper back to right field to accommodate the arrival of new acquisition Luis Arraez, Todd Zolecki of MLB.com reports.

Arraez will remain at second base -- where he's been a plus defender this season -- which will create a domino effect of Bryson Stott shifting to third base, Alec Bohm to first base and Harper back to right field, where he hasn't played since 2022. It means Harper will pick up outfield eligibility in fantasy leagues soon, but the move could also increase his injury risk.

Bryson Stott 2B • PHI
Phillies' Bryson Stott: Move to 3B potentially in works
by RotoWire
(1 hr ago) The Phillies could look to move Stott to third base after acquiring second baseman Luis Arraez from the Giants on Wednesday, Jon Heyman of the New York Post reports.

Arraez played primarily at first base and designated hitter over the previous two seasons, but he's fared well defensively while transitioning back to a full-time role at second base for the Giants in 2026 and is expected to stick at that position in Philadelphia. The arrival of Arraez will leave fewer reps available for Stott at the keystone, but the Phillies would be able to keep the latter's bat in the lineup by moving him to third base. Alec Bohm would then shift across the diamond to first base to accommodate Stott, while Bryce Harper could settle into an everyday role in right field, where the Phillies have been leaning on a combination of Bryan De La Cruz and Gabriel Rincones of late. The Phillies may still add or subtract from their position-player group leading up to Monday's trade deadline, so a move to third base is hardly locked in for Stott at this stage.

John Spikerman OF • PHI
Mets' John Spikerman: Traded to Mets
by RotoWire
(1 hr ago) The Mets acquired Spikerman and Luke Gabrysh from the Phillies on Monday in exchange for Brooks Raley, Jayson Stark of The Athletic reports.

Spikerman has slashed .260/.419/.340 with zero home runs, 18 stolen bases and a 26:30 BB:K over 30 games this season with High-A Jersey Shore. The 23-year-old speedster is capable of playing all three outfield spots.

Ramon Marquez P • PHI
Giants' Ramon Marquez: Moved to San Francisco
by RotoWire
(1 hr ago) The Giants acquired Marquez and right-hander Marty Gair from the Phillies on Monday in exchange for infielder Luis Arraez and right-hander Caleb Kilian, Mark Feinsand of MLB.com reports.

The main prize in the two-prospect haul heading to San Francisco, Marquez had emerged as one of the top lower-level arms in the Philadelphia farm system in 2026. Between stops at Single-A Clearwater and High-A Jersey Shore, the 20-year-old righty has compiled a 1.68 ERA, 0.81 WHIP and 33.3 K-BB% over 59 innings. Marquez is likely to report to the Giants' High-A affiliate in Eugene.

Caleb Kilian P • SF
Phillies' Caleb Kilian: Sent to Philadelphia in trade
by RotoWire
(1 hr ago) The Phillies acquired Kilian and Luis Arraez from the Giants on Monday in exchange for Ramon Marquez and Marty Gair, Jayson Stark of The Athletic reports.

Kilian has had a breakout season out of the San Francisco bullpen, posting a 4.26 ERA and 53:20 K:BB over 44.1 innings, logging eight saves in the process. He's 29 and has a lengthy injury history, but the Phillies will bet on Kilian being a quality setup man for them down the stretch.

Brooks Raley P • NYM
Phillies' Brooks Raley: Shipped to Philadelphia in trade
by RotoWire
(1 hr ago) The Phillies acquired Raley from the Mets on Monday in exchange for outfielder John Spikerman and right-hander Luke Gabrysh, Will Sammon of The Athletic reports.

Raley will provide another quality late-inning arm to the Phillies bullpen. The left-handed reliever has put up a 1.96 ERA and 40:15 K:BB over 41.1 innings for the Mets in 2026. Raley is set to reach free agency after the season.

Luis Arraez 1B,2B • SF
Phillies' Luis Arraez: On move to Philly
by RotoWire
(1 hr ago) The Phillies acquired Arraez and right-hander Caleb Kilian from the Giants on Monday in exchange for right-handers Ramon Marquez and Marty Gair, Mark Feinsand of MLB.com reports.

The addition of a high-contact bat in Arraez -- who leads the National League with a .324 average -- lengthens a Philadelphia lineup that includes three other All-Stars in Bryce Harper, Kyle Schwarber and Brandon Marsh. Arraez had mainly been limited to first base and designated hitter the previous two seasons, but he's transitioned back to an everyday role at second base in 2026 and has made tremendous strides as a defender after receiving poor marks for his fielding and range at the keystone earlier in his career. The 29-year-old will presumably continue to see most of his reps at second base in Philadelphia, where he'll unseat Bryson Stott as the primary option at the position. In order to accommodate Arraez while still keeping playing time open for their other established regulars, the Phillies could look to move Stott, Alec Bohm and/or Bryce Harper to different positions.

Eddie Micheletti OF • TOR
Angels' Eddie Micheletti: Traded to Angels
by RotoWire
(1 hr ago) The Angels acquired Micheletti, Arjun Nimmala and Angel Rivero on Monday from the Blue Jays in exchange for Jose Soriano.

Micheletti, 24, has slashed .251/.347/.454 with 14 home runs and a 46:70 BB:K over 93 games with Double-A New Hampshire this season. He's mostly a corner outfielder but also has some experience in center field and at first base.

Arjun Nimmala SS • TOR
Angels' Arjun Nimmala: Shipped to Angels in Soriano deal
by RotoWire
(1 hr ago) The Angels acquired Nimmala, Eddie Micheletti and Angel Rivero from the Blue Jays on Monday in exchange for Jose Soriano, Jeff Passan of ESPN.com reports.

Nimmala is the big get here for the Angels. A first-round pick in the 2023 First-Year Player Draft, Nimmala has missed time with injuries this season but has slashed .279/.355/.451 with four home runs and four stolen bases in 33 games since arriving at Double-A New Hampshire. The 20-year-old shortstop is at least a year away from reaching the majors, but he has loads of upside.

More Player News